---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Firewood
twitter_large: true
image: caycomchay.jpg
custom_excerpt: Burning rice is one of the most effective remedy for aches and pains.

---

Firewood is a small tree grows wild in the forest is harvested tightly dried to use.

Burning tree is a wild plant species in mountainous areas, streams and streams; lived for many years, up to 3m. Foam body almost round, smooth, light green; Large hollow spindle white porous, in the face there are many holes. Leaves soft, opposite, double feathers consisting of 3-9 leaflets, 8-15 cm long, 3-5 cm wide, edge of teeth; Leaf stalk on the top and wide loom at the base of the stem.

Small white flowers, grows into a greenhouse, like a double. Berry, spherical, red after black, contains 3 flat beads. The flower season in 5-8, September to November. Harvest the whole plant in summer-harvest, wash, fresh or dried gradually.

According to oriental medicine, sour rice, sour taste, warmth; Low-impact deodorizing, bloody stasis. The physician often uses firewood to treat rheumatism pain, edema gas, dysentery, jaundice, chronic bronchitis, diaphragm, acne bores sore swelling pain, fall injury ... Used to cook water for the mother or to share with vinegar, stir fry and swollen breast. Day 10-12g dose in the form of decoction. If used at 3g / kg body weight can be more severe, diarrhea and vomiting.

The Arabs also use it as a medicine and causes miscarriage. Our people also use the nail as a medicine to trade with broom flowers. We also use Leaf nail to dye fingernails, especially on the occasion of Tet (5 May). Nowadays, nail is widely used in cosmetics due to its dye properties (like in shampoo, hair dye). Lawns stick to the hair, probably due to the reaction with thiol groups of keretin in the hair. Body casing used to cure numbness, aches. In India, also used to treat jaundice, spleen, gravel, skin and leprosy. Root for use as a medication for bronchitis. In India, oil and essential oils are applied to the body for cooling. I searched in Chinese medicine dictionary and Chinese manuscripts, Leaf nail (Bimatum only) has the ability to stutter hemorrhoids, Treatment of bleeding wounds with the use of fresh cut or dry leaf pulp is not recommended, as reported in Vietnam, although the pharmacological effect of the book is said Lawsone of the nail similar structure with Vitamin K has hemostatic effects and nail leaf particles have a gradual effect of brain excitation and can be used to treat memory impairment or impotent mental function of the youth. Some ways to use: 1. Cure slow to see business daughter: Leaves foundation 30g drink. 2. Informing to avoid conception. Leaves 50g, Useful 40g, Art Black 30g drink 3 months until the new business. 3. Cure nail fungus, toenails, itchy sores in the toe of the foot and then spread to other fingers and sometimes a foot in the hands. Use nail polish with a little salt in the evening, tied back. Day can open for airy and easy to work. First day every day. In the second week, take the drug every two days. The third week is done every 3 days. When the skin itching, skin, aloe vera leaves, or nail oil, or Gấc oil. Or use: Leaves nails, leaves, crimson leaves, black pepper, gourd leaves, each 100g, crushed, soaked in 100ml of white wine. Use topical cotton swab 2-3 times a day. Back to the reflection of the results using nail polish treatment of some diseases in the folk experience that Ms. Tran Thi Thanh Bong said above, we think that it perfectly matches the effect of the nail as in The literature (including some symptoms of swelling, numbness of gout, diabetes). However, one thing we very much note, this medicinal plant has active hemorrhage, It should not be used for people without blood clots, especially pregnant women, the elderly and children. So please do not use arbitrarily, when used under the direction and under the supervision of the physician to avoid side effects, dangerous and adverse.

Effects of burning rice

According to the research of modern medicine, the chemical composition of Chay Chay consists of: A-amyrin galmitate, ursolic acid, stigmasterol, camposterol, tannin ... Doctors often use burning rice to treat diuretic sweating, laxative, rheumatism, itching, eczema. Especially, burning rice is a good medicine for postpartum women. Here are some remedies from burning rice

Relieve pain, sprains pain: Using rice leaves Fire cut, crushed together with some onions to root both the roots and liquor, put on the pain and then tape, change each day.

Cure urinary droplet: Use rice root burning 90-120g stew with 200g pork, eat several times a day. Each course of 10 days.

Cure bone fracture: Use root bark and burn rice burned to the broken bone and then back to the fixed.

Relieve hemorrhagic trauma: Using the roots of burning rice, vermicelli, every 9g, 12g area, drinking water.

Treatment of rheumatism rheumatism: Using rice roots burn 20-30 g of drinking water during the day; At the same time, cook the water for pain.

Relieve pain: cold season using the root (crushed), while in the hot season, use the star leaves for hot, rub and massage the patient's navel; At the same time, the leaves of hot cooked rice, sprayed on the patient will lie painful to the four limbs.

