---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Crumbling
twitter_large: true
image: cay-bim-bip.jpg
custom_excerpt: Pork blossom a herbal treatment for pain and effective cancer treatment.

---

Why the reclaimed plover is used by many people to treat the disease, although not rare but not a rare but wonderful effect on osteoporosis has been used in many medicines, scientists recently Find out many active ingredients for cancer treatment, especially lymphoma, breast, lung.

Twigs are often planted as fences or grow wild suddenly become cancer medicinal plants.

The story of patients cured of cancer by eating leeches is hot in Asia. Does the congee carry the "mission" to save a person suffering from cancer?

Muntjac (Cancer Monkey): The cure for cancer is being hunted hard. There is a little known natural plant that is suddenly famous and is hunted by Asian people, even Someone "fly" to Malaysia to meet the right people have it thanks to "escape death".

Deer also has another name, plus tree, monkey bone.

Vuong Tu Cam (Chinese), a patient with ovarian cancer stage 3, after 10 months found the disease turned bad to terminal cancer. After receiving the email of close friend An introduction to Mr. Liu Lenghui's cancer in Malaysia has been overcome by the most difficult time by eating 13-day cabbage leaves. She did not hesitate to immediately buy air tickets to Penang, then move Come to Taiping (Malaysia) to find Mr. Liu with the hope that he will be as lucky as he did not know how bad but only believe your words. When arriving, she was not only enthusiastically instructed by Liu vegetables, but also be encouraged to rest assured that disease will help.

Leaf limp can be considered as a herb, can also be used as a vegetable

Ms. Wang stayed in Malaysia for 10 consecutive days, then took a leaflet to take home for another 5 days. During her second chemotherapy, before her examination of CA125, the disease was reduced. 45%, tumor size 4 * 5cm has also disappeared. Before the second chemo, the doctor asked her if she had hair loss but she said no hair loss as cancer patients are chemo. Another doctor said that the third dose will be very heavy, hair will definitely fall out, however, after chemotherapy, her hair will continue to keep safe. His CA125 blood test has returned to normal, the current index has dropped to 16.8 (meanwhile the safety index of normal people is less than 36). The doctors said the pedestal I have done very well,

The body of the chisel is covered with a cover for use

After that, the Chinese press has also published information about the concha has many health effects such as jaundice, rheumatism, menstrual disorders, bone pain, kidney disease ... In addition to eating conch By drinking it, it can be cooked as a daily dish. This is just my own sharing, and you also think that your treatment is not grounded by a research evidence. Any study, only individual choice in the critical illness.

The use of crippled cancer can not be scientifically confirmed

In the case of Ms. Wang, there are many cancer patients in Malaysia nowadays. Mr. Liu said that there are hundreds of calls every day to buy dried leaves. The treatment of cancer of the crushed can also be written by patients write a blog to share with the community. Cases of false poses that can cure cancer are also covered by social networking sites.

In New Delhi, May 25, 2011 also reported the effect of cannabis that can treat cancer at a healthy rate of up to 90% if properly used for 4-6 weeks.

But at the same time warns readers that each condition is different so this is not a scientifically-recognized medicine.

Currently, scientists in Taiwan, Thailand and many other countries have also been interested in studying the effects of conifers but have not made the final conclusions.

In the next article, we will provide more complete information about the healing effects of the plum and some formulas for medicine to readers interested in convenient to follow.

Deer (Scientific name is Clinacanthus nutans, otherwise known as Monkey's Monkey).

This is a small tree, grows into dust, can be as high as 3m. Whole leaves, short stems, slightly smooth face, dark blue. Wild plants are quite common in many rural areas of Vietnam and Asia. Flowers are red or pink, drooping on top; Corolla has two lips, the lower lip has three teeth; green chrysanthemum, pomegranate about 1.5 cm long, short stem, contains four seeds.

According to traditional medicine, grapefruit smells sweet, calculated, has the effect (liver cooling), the benefit (increase bile), deodorization, ephedrine, only (anti-pain).

Studies have also shown that plums contain vitamins, minerals, tannins, flavones, glycosides, cerebrosides, and glycerol, which can be used to treat blisters on the lips and mouth.

Spinach has a mild aroma, can be eaten raw (hard to eat) and is mainly used to boil or cook soup.

Nowadays, cabbage is usually served with fish hot pot, hot pot or cooked with minced meat, shrimp soup, crab soup is very delicious and rich in nutrients.

This is a wild vegetable that is familiar to soldiers in the war through the anti-French and American wars in Vietnam. In the fierce battle, this vegetable was used instead of part of the food shortage

Some remedies folk remedies from leeches

For patients with hepatitis, jaundice: Melon leaves 30g, leaves 15g, 15g, 20g black bean, 20g dark green tea, 10g radish ginseng with 1.5 liters of water (800ml) to drink the day.

Used for rheumatism: Rosemary 30g, crane 20g, roseberry 20g, 20g Buffalo. The colors are with 1.5 liters of water, 800ml divided into drinks for the day.

Sprain, pain, fracture (using fresh): Pork blanched fresh 80g, wormwood, ginseng onion each 50g. Bring stir fry with vinegar and put on the wound, tie fabric for 5 to 6 hours. Continuous 5-10 day sessions will be effective.

Mouth healing: Leaves plus 20 - 60g rinse, add a little water crushed filtered water and swallowed in the day.

Treatment of spinal degeneration, thoracic spine bone pain: fresh plus 80g, fresh wormwood 50g, fresh ginseng root 50g; All cooked, stir-fried with vinegar, warm sound to cover the sick, fixed tape.

Evening dress before bed, morning up, 5-10 days continuously. If combined with the drug to work faster.

How to choose quality leeches

According to some information in the press, fresh fruit is used to treat diseases, the leaves of the crushed leaves are very easy to damage their leaves only 1-2 days as the leaves of the rotten tree so activities The substance in the medicinal plants will be decomposed, fresh if the plant is cut where to use it.

Some cases are afraid of new confusion using fresh mulch to cure, but few people use fresh to cure.

The blades are naturally based

The leaves will fall out when the leaves mature, only the tops of 30-50cm on the top of the leaves, the leeches will grow out of the natural human impact on the water, protein drug stimulation will certainly be good. Over the years, we have found that the quality of natural products is higher than that of the growers.

How to distinguish natural lei and plants

Deer grows dry

Natural dry logs

Plants have many leaves

Small tree trunk

When exposed to sunlight

Dry goods are fragrant, tart

The dried tree trunk is softer

Natural leaves are thin

The trunk is as big as possible

When exposed to ivory color

Dry goods smell better, more tasty

Dry stems

The most effective way to use natural dried pinwheel

Due to the slower development of the grower, the quality of the stem is stiffer, so when using the dried natural cone it is necessary to sharpen for 2-3 hours with the electric kettle, . When using leeches, add some other medicine to make it more effective.

In the market there are some people looking for fresh products to use, indeed fresh goods are not better than dry goods, in the process of coloring the ingredients do not change even the dried fruit color is darker, tastier than the goods. Fresh fresh fruit is harder to drink than dry goods.

Dose use from 50g to 100g of drinking water, no poisonous long-term use no harm. Please contact us for advice

