---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Monkey bones
twitter_large: true
image: cay-xuong-khi.jpg
custom_excerpt: Monkey bones have the effect of treating hepatitis, jaundice, traumas, fractures of the hands, feet, and low palsy. Let's learn together about this medicinal plant.

---

Monkeys are wild plants that have the effect of curing osteoarthritis of the joints.

Monkey bones have the effect of treating hepatitis, jaundice, traumas, fractures of the hands, feet, and low palsy. Let's learn together about this medicinal plant.

Plate community tree, in the south called the bluff Bìm trees (When Birds Bìm bluff broken leg Young people often see mother birds bluff Bìm get bitten to pieces and apply this tree to fracture and saw instant leg fracture Bìm young fool).

China called the bones of the bone

Because many effects you healthy, the countries in the world such as (Thailand, Malaysia, China) already know how to use medicinal plants this quarter long time, but in Vietnam recently we know use Cymbals for medicine. Nowadays it is used most often as a medicine to support the treatment of cancer. Let's take a closer look at the effect of this drug.

Scientific name of monkey bone

The scientific name is Clinacanthus nutans. They belong to the tilapia family, which is distributed in tropical countries.

The whole plant is used as medicine, many places also use the leaves to make a cake called the rice cake (This cake is usually in some mountainous provinces in the north).

Taste

Monkey bones have sweet taste, calculated average.

Leaves when dried are fragrant, fresh leaves cooked very delicious and cool.

The use of monkeys
The effect of cancer treatment support (This is the most valuable effect of crunchy, because now the medicinal plants are effective against cancer is not much and only on the finger.

Effect of cooling the liver, honey

Supportive treatment for hepatitis, jaundice

The effect of rheumatism, pain in the joints

Rapid bone (due to fracture)

Objects used monkey bone

Cancer patients, best for lymphoma

Patients with hepatitis

People with high enzyme levels, decreased liver function due to alcohol consumption

Someone with a poor room, painful bone joints

Traumatized person (joint torsion, bone graft in wound for immediate relief)

Usage, dosage

Daily use: 30-40g dry plants to brake water.

Used as an adjuvant for cancer treatment: 30g crumbs, black pepper plants 40g cooked with 1 liter of drinking water during the day.

For patients with hepatitis, jaundice: Melon leaves 30g, leaves 15g, 15g, 20g black bean, 20g ginseng, 10g sharp ginseng with 1.5 liters of water (Also 800ml) to drink the day.

Rheumatism treatment: 30g crumb, 20g crane, 20g strawberry, 20g buffalo. The colors are with 1.5 liters of water, 800ml divided into drinks for the day.

Treatment of sprain, pain, fracture (Using fresh plants): pork blanched fresh 80g, wormwood, ginseng onion each 50g. Bring stir fry with vinegar and put on the wound, tie fabric for 5 to 6 hours. Continuous maintenance of 5-10 days will result.

Monkey bones have a variety of uses for bone pain. Many people use it to treat the disease but it is also good for lymphoma and other cancers.