---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Trees
twitter_large: true
image: cay-duoi.jpg
custom_excerpt: The garden is popular with the people, but few know the special use of trees to treat kidney stones.

---

Wild plants in many places in the north of the tree are popular with many people play favorite scenes, the tree is one of the pharmacies for kidney stones very retarded.

Broccoli, Streblus asper Lour., The mulberry - Moraceae.

Description: Small tree, 4-5m high. Trunk and branches. Leaves sparse, oval, hard, assembled, beveled. Unisexual origin other. Male flowers with stems, stems under the short branches, including 10-12 flowers. Flower clusters have only 1 flower. Yellow berries, mounted on the radio survive.

June to June fruit season.

Parts used: roots, bark, leaves and latex - Cortex Radicis, Cortex, Folium et Latex Strebli Aspris.

Habitat and Harvest: Species of India, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, South China, Thailand, Cambodia, Malaysia, Indonesia, Philippines and Vietnam. In our country, wild plants grow in hilly areas and are often planted as fences everywhere; Planted by sowing seeds or by stems. Collection of parts of plants throughout the year; latex fresh, other parts washed, cut short, dried, yellow star.

Chemical composition: In latex and some rubber; In bulk concentrate, the proportion of resins is 76%, rubber is 23%. Resin has the effect of freezing. The shell contains a bitter substance, and a glucosid is streblosid.

Characteristics, effect: bitter taste, chat, cool features, heat effect, detoxification, bleeding, bleeding, antiseptic. It has been found that the bitterness of the skin affects the heart muscle similar to adrenalin. Streblosid is comparable to digitoxin.

Use of the tree, designation and coordination:

Ripe fruit sweet and fragrant. Leaves used to polish furniture. Soft, white, soft, beautiful, often used for engraving, tools. The cover contains many fibers for woven bags, artificial cotton and paper. Leaves for cattle feed. Many parts used as drugs:

Latex pus on the temples for headache treatment; Also used to treat nails, slugs

Leaflet: cure stomach and abdominal cramp diarrhea massage paralysis; also use hot sun. Yellow star blood cure, dysentery. Leaf leaves bleeding wound (add less lime).

Teeth and thinly sliced ​​rootlets are used to make analgesia. Root casing for urinate, urine. Dosage 12-20g in the form of decoction for oral and oral. Take out the amount just enough. In India, shade water is used to treat fever, dysentery and diarrhea. Root for treating pimples and inflammation; Also used to treat snake bites. Antiseptic, astringent, applied patches in the hands and in the heel.

Root canals used to treat tooth decay, abdominal pain, fever, diarrhea, dysentery, cough and pulmonary tuberculosis, rheumatism pain, dog bites and bones;

Many places have been used to treat worms, leprosy, toothache, diarrhea, cancer, nasopharyngeal infections.

Cabin is used to treat rheumatism pain, tooth decay, abdominal pain, fever, diarrhea, dysentery, cover for bone fracture. Branches and roots are thinly sliced ​​to drink as a medication diuretic, treatment of abdominal pain. Root tuberous roots cure turbidity, urinary retention, syphilis and bites.

Embryos from roots rooted in ulcer, swelling and pus. Latex pesticides are antiseptic; Apply on paper and stick to the temples to treat headache, or to cover the crack in the hands and heels.

Here are the drugs from the tree: Cure blood hemorrhoids, dysentery, milk benefits: Leaves 20g yellow star drink.

Cure tooth decay: the skin is thick. Or bean shells, bears, two equal, soaked wine in 1-2 weeks. Then moisten it with cotton and place it in the swelling, pain.

Cure inflamed pimples painful: plaster impregnated in paper and paste into acne 3 hours, instead of 2 times.

Removes urine, red urine due to heat: Branch and roots 20g, washed, sliced ​​into the warm water poured 500ml water, sharp 250ml water, divided into 3 times a day, 10 days a course.

Treating headache, aching the temples, change the weather: Plastic sheeting on two sheets of white paper, 3cm in diameter, to a layer of plastic lime, mix the lime into the plastic, then paste. two pieces of paper on both sides of temples. Day 1 - 2 times. Have a clear analgesic effect.

Prescription medicinal plants

Relieve edema: Use 12g Compound leaf, Grapefruit peel (gold star) 12g, 12g citrus peel, Forest tree 12g, Garlic shell 10g, lemongrass 10g. Add 200ml of water to 200ml, drink every 2 days in a day.

Bone fracture: Use a small bun with apple leaves, Poinsettia and Banana pepper.

Clay: Use Root pods, Root pods, each 20g, good drink.

Tooth decay.

Herbal remedies are used to treat kidney stones

Take 15 drops, add to the blender, mashed with 250 ml boiling water to cool. Then filter the water off the body.

Drink at the time before going to sleep

If the disease is severe about 1 week to cure.

