---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Sandy tree
twitter_large: true
image: cay-cat-loi.jpg
custom_excerpt: Sandalwood is widely used in folk healing back pain, stabilize blood glucose and gravel.

---

Trees often grow wild in many places trees live in the forest need high humidity, sand flowers are quite beautiful, so many people planted the scene, their leaves are often eaten together with the cake, people play the scene commonly known as fortune Life, plants have many meanings besides that sandy trees are effective for healing, quite good anti-inflammatory properties, often used to assist in male remedies.

Sand Cane, Latex - Costus speciosus (Koenig) Sm., Belonging to the Cucurbitaceae - Costaceae.

Description: 1m tall or tall, spongy. The stem is large, lean. Leaves are sparse, have shine. Young leaves usually grow into a spiral, the underside of the hair is smooth. Flower blossom in the body of many white flowers, red leaves in the north. The capsule contains a lot of black seeds.

Elephant Sand: Rhizoma Costi Speciosi.

Habitat and Harvest: Plants of India, Malaysia, wilderness in many places in the dust, on the mound, cool soil. Can be planted with trunk, germ of stem, rhizome and seed. Harvesting rhizomes in the fall, washing, pruning, chopping, ripening and drying.

Trees usually harvested in the wild are dried and dried for preservation

Chemical composition: The rhizome is mainly carbohydrates, albuminids. From dried roots extract diosgenin, tigogenin and some other saponins. The rhizome can be a source of diosgenin extract.

Characteristics, effects: sour, bitter, spicy, cool, slightly toxic; Effect of salt water drops, detoxification, positive yellow. In India, roots are considered to have the effect of removing, filtering, stimulating, stimulating, worms.

Use of convex sand, designation and coordination

Conjunctivitis Commonly used for: 1. Eosinophilic hepatitis, cirrhosis; 2. Ascites and urinary tract infections; Pertussis; 4. Reduce urolithiasis; 5. Passion, pee. 6. Feelings, blisters, thirst.

Dosage: 3-10g can be up to 8-16g drinking, can drink high. The rhizome is used in addition to treating urticaria, swollen pimples, and otitis media. Small swelling or bathing rinse baths may be used.

The leaves of the tree used as a raw vegetable usually eat with the cake

In India, people also use the snake root bite. There are places people use fresh leaves to grill, squeeze water or pour water for ear pain, eye pain.

Root cause inflammation, pain, back pain, rheumatism, otitis, except for chrome, pruritus, emphysema, fever, urticaria, urticaria, urticaria, haemorrhage bruising, anti-inflammatory, antihypertensive, cool body in addition to use on convex sand is also used as a vegetable. Hypoglycemia

How to use convex sand

Treatment of acute nephritis, edema: Rhizophora rhizomes 15g (fresh 30g) with 1 liter of drinking water daily.

Treatment of hepatitis cirrhosis ascites: Sand dunes 10g, crown 15g, spent 10g, 10g dandelion leaves with 4 bowls of water, shallow color to 1.5 cups of water, divided into 2 times in the morning and evening. Give the patient 15 minutes after meals.

Treat eczema, itchy rash, urticaria: Take a handful of leaves and fresh sugarcane stem (dry) to boil water for bath and apply directly to the rash skin or eczema.

Treatment of urinary tract inflammation (urinalysis): dried root cane 10g, corn stew 10g, leaves 10g, grass roots 10g sharp with 1.5 liters of water during the day.

Treatment of ear inflammation, eye inflammation: Use fresh toasted biscuits to heat up and press the juice directly into the hands or eyes. Repeat for 3 to 4 days, 2 times a day.

