---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Rabbit ears
twitter_large: true
image: caytaitho.jpg
custom_excerpt: Rabbit ears collected from the tree have a beneficial effect on cardiovascular disease, with 2 rabbit ears per day.

---

Brownwood is the most widely known plant in the genus Dipterocarpus. Tree for wood and oil resin. Height 20-25 m, diameter 60-80cm. Foliage of evergreen broadleaf. The body is straight, not bent. Thickness, longitudinal cracks, deep color in his gray mold, brown in the shell. The leaf is growing oval, elongated, large leaves with a red bud.

Flowers are almost no stem, the flowers are long, double are attached to two rows, large clusters of large, large fruits with two wings developed by radio, flowers usually hatch in November to December, fruit ripen around April, when Nuts fall down the wind turn in very beautiful wind.

The rabbit ear also known as the fruit, brown fruit.

The fruit of the rabbit ear is very similar to rabbit ear should be called rabbit ears or rabbit ears. According to the experience of the North West people, the herb of this forest has a good use is the use of treatment of heart failure and arthritis to the heart.

Science name

Dipterocarpus retusus. Of the oily family.

Rabbit ears use medicinal fruit

Distribution area

Rabbit ears usually grow in the mountainous provinces of the North West such as Lao Cai, Yen Bai, Tuyen Quang and Cao Bang.

Parts used

Rabbit ears are used as medicine.

Processing and harvesting methods

Rabbit ears are harvested from August to October every year. The fruit is dried to make medicine.

Taste

Rabbit ears have a slight taste, calculated average. Into the two heart and waste.

Use rabbit ears

According to folk experience, rabbit ear has some main uses as follows:

Support for treatment of grade 2 heart failure

Arthritis treatment => leads to heart disease (heart disease)

Rabbit ears, use rabbit ears, rabbit ear sale

Usage, dosage

Dosage:

Females: 9 fruits / 1 session of 4 days

Male: 7 fruits / 1 session of 4 days

Rabbit ears

Lust with 3 bowls of water, shallow color to 1 bowl to drink the day.

Men: The first day to take 2 fruits, 3 days left a day using 1 fruit (Refuse to leave but continue to sharp with new medicine).

Females: The first day of taking 3 fruits, the remaining 3 days a day using two oranges (Note: Refuse of the previous day not removed but retained for the same dose of new). Drink 1 course 4 days, take a week off, then continue to use. Depending on the extent of the disease, the duration of the drug usually lasts 2 to 3 months.

Note: use rabbit ear

This is just the experience of treating diseases from folk. The effect of treatment depends on the condition of the patient and the patient.