---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Grass
twitter_large: true
image: cay-co-xuoc.jpg
custom_excerpt: Scratching is one of the common medicinal plants that can cure many diseases using grass and often cure pain, anti-inflammatory, kidney disease, root cut grass physiology.

---

Scrub grass is an easy-to-find herb for pain relief. Wild grasses are usually collected for post-calving after calving to prevent abdominal pain and diarrhea, which is used by people for freezing. The grass is easily scratched but has many valuable effects.

Grasses are scientific name is Achyranthes aspera L., Amaranthaceae or Ornamental plants are also known as Nam thuan nam.

Description Grass
Scratches are a wild type of perennial herb that can grow up to 1m in height, with soft hairs. Egg-shaped, opposite, wavy. Many flowers, growing in the tops of flowers, 20-30 cm long. The follicle is a bag, with very thin walls, with a sharp spiny leaf, easy to get into clothes when you hit. Long grain eggshell. To be used as a medicine, people spit the whole tree (even the roots), washed, cut short, fresh or dried gradually.

Medicinal plants Scrub
According to oriental medicine: Grass is bitter, sour, calculating, the effect of breaking blood, stagnation; Rheumatoid arthritis has a strong tendon bone, kidney. Used for rheumatism, numbness, painful swelling. Used in arthritis, after the blood is not clean. In addition, the tree also has the effect of reducing blood cholesterol, atherosclerosis, high blood pressure, swollen hematoma. Dosage: 15-30g drink; used to cover up. Taboo: Women who are pregnant abstain.

Root grass is also known as saplings

3.The treatment of scratched

Cure the blood urine: 20g grit grass root, grinder (gold star) 40g, lotus seeds (gold star) 40g, cotton code with the leaves of starch (fire star), grass pot (black star); All finely pulverized; twice a day, 12g each time.

Cure edema, yellow skin: Using grass scraps, grass roots, cotton thread, rope torn - every 20-25g; drinking water

Hot fever, runny nose: Use grass scraps, leaves, single - 30g each; drinking water

Rheumatism rancid 20g, antiseptic 12g, 16g gingivitis, bone pain 16g, 12g period 12g, 12g 12g, 12g 12g, 12g ginseng, frequency 12g, cinnamon 8g, cross the frame 8g, licorice 6g, the new 6g. Drinks on 1 month divided into 3 times, for 10 days.

Mumps: Using grass roots to scratch, add water, pounded; Drink your mouth and drink it; outside the roots cut grass on the pain.

Cure kidney disease, edema, heavy legs, jaundice: 30g grass root scrape, code tree 30g, 30g green tree 30g, grass squid 30g, 1 day color, divided 2 - 3 times, drink immediately. in 7 - 10 days.

Cure mouth ulcer: Using grasshopper grasping one hand, chewing liquor swallowed swallowed water or watercolor and drink.

Cure yellow skin by the bile: Using grass 100g, pig liver 1 set, cooked together for real, good for water; divided into drinking during the day.

Healing gas paint, dangerous endangered: Using grass leaves scratch a big grasp (about 30g); Drinking water.

Relieve painful urticaria: Use grass grasping a handful (about 20g); Drinking water.

Cure turbidity: 20g grass roots, grinding 20g, 40g, grass roots 12g, roots 12g white, cotton code (star) 12g; Drinking water of the day.

Regular bone remedies: Using grass leaves to scratch a grave, chewing water swallowing, cover up in the neck.

Relieve bones pain when weather changes: Grass, 15-20g, gold star, ground, water quality in the day; Periodic intake (15 days for one course); 40g grasshopper roots, 20g root leaves, can add body and roots 40g horse head; drinking water;

Relieve pain sciatica: Using grass root scraping 20g, leaf 16g, natural 12g, 12g star anise, 12g carnations, 12g sieve, 16g weight, 12g sausage, 20g, 12g pine, Water 1000ml color also 300ml; 2 divided doses during the day.

Relieve allergic rhinitis: Root 30g cut, leaves, single sting 20g sharp with 400ml of water to 100ml. Drink during the day, drink when the drug is warm. Used for 5 days.

Treatment of irregular menstruation, blood damage: Root grass 20g, grass owl 16g, useful 16g, green tea 16g, 30g sprout roots, ritual drink 1 month, divided 3 times, drink 10 days.