---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Turmeric
twitter_large: true
image: cu-dinh-lang.png
custom_excerpt: Nine Terns 10 have the effect of ginseng, active blood.

---

Today, many of the locusts are used as raw vegetables, dried leaves for drinking water, sedative effects, diarrhea, dorsal spines. Much stronger than leaves. Tubers are often used to soak or drink.

Roasted turmeric soaked effect of blood circulation increased physiological

Turmeric is used to soak the blood, increase physiology, soaked turmeric nail often use large tubers to soak, use dried tubers soaked better than fresh tubers but in the market fear of fresh counterfeit use fresh goods To soak the wine, according to the principle then dried then yellow star land then soaked to use.

The use of nail for humans

Anti-allergy, food detoxification, anti-fatigue and increase the endurance of the body, the roots of strengthening the strength and resistance of the body, anti-fatigue, help eat good sleep, increased ability to work, gain weight and anti-toxins, detoxify food, anti-allergy, blood cough, dysentery. In general, in addition to the effects of blood and food detoxification, cool lungs, diuretic, detoxification, treatment of measles, blood cough, dysentery. Folk often use the roots and branches (20-30 g) to drink pain to cure back pain, cough, blood cough, women after the dry water to dry water to relieve strength, relieve body , healthy, many milk whitening milk, cooling blood, diuretic, itchy itchy scalp.

Root of 5-year-old Dinh Lang tree has become as useful as ginseng According to the research of the Military Academy of Vietnam

How to use the shingle: have a very active blood circulation should use drugs or alcohol in the morning or afternoon should not be used in the evening, causing sleep difficulties.

Take Cigarette 20g - 50g / day

4kg-10kg Fresh Grape Larva with Age Between 10-20 years

Dried beetle from 4kg so often high value because there are many essences like ginseng large row must be new, while small dried beans are always available.

Soak fresh beet root we use the car wash pressure washing large clean, but only to drain the water is put into the bottle, if the big nail dice, cut to smaller, soak the nails As long as possible, wine nail activity, increase physiology

