---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Root Tree
twitter_large: true
image: re_mat_nhan.jpg
custom_excerpt: Bile root is often used to support physiology, pain, tumors, physiological treatment takes time.

---

Bile plants are used by many people, often used as the roots of plants, water is very bitter roots roots are often used to soak or drink water, employees are easy to use so many people use.

Tangerines in Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia have the number of roots of bile ducts to treat physiological weakness, pain

Eucalyptus rootwood is also known as Eurycoma Longifolia Jack, a medicinal herb that promotes sexual health, reduces stress, replenishes energy, boosts immunity, reduces fatigue, and prevents In brain tumors, the effect of hormones stimulates the body to naturally release male hormones (testosterone), thereby enhancing the physiology of the natural processes of men. reduce libido in middle age, premature ejaculation, sexual quality. In addition, the use of hepatopancreatitis also protects the liver.

The tangerine is distributed in many parts of the world, including Vietnam and some other parts of the plant. It is a large tree with many large angles with a warm hug, , bitterness

The therapeutic effect of bile:

Bitter root has a bitter taste, calculated average has some main effects as follows

Support the treatment of bad blood, poor blood in women, help reduce stress, fatigue, insomnia

Secret is used as a medicine to improve physiological function in men

Improving the quality of sperm, supporting the treatment of male infertility

Helps treat gout

Supportive treatment: Back pain, knee pain, limb numbness in the elderly

Anti-aging and anti-aging effects ...

Particularly, PATIENTS have a beneficial effect in the treatment of CHRONIC DISEASE. Most patients with osteoarthritis, numbness in the limbs after using the TARDIS for some time have good results, the condition is Significant improvement

The effect of enhancing liver function, oral bursa in combination with Barnum Caya will be very good for patients with hepatitis B

Improved digestive function, treatment of digestive diseases, digestive disorders, indigestion, intestinal diseases

Objects of the plant:

Thin, tired, insomnia

People with impaired physiological function, impotence.

People with thin sperm, men with infertility

People with osteoarthritis, multiple arthritis

Women with bad gas, poor blood.

People with Gout

Tumor patients, tumors

The elderly have numb limbs

Cirrhosis, high liver enzymes, liver failure, hepatitis, hepatitis B

People with indigestion, intestinal disease, poor digestion, live distribution

In addition to the roots of the secretion also cure anemia, dyspnea, indigestion, full stomach, choking, chest pain, aches, difficulty breathing, limb numbness, limb weakness, nausea, vomiting, drunkenness, drunkenness, tonic, shaking hands, back pain, leaf healing blooming itch, scabies.

How to use: Iron Secret iron drying dried yellow starch daily 8-20g of clean water poured 2 liters of water to 0.7 liters divided into 3 times a day.

Each use of 20 to 40 capsules a day to drink twice a day at the stomach can chew or chew better.

Roasted beef liver before dripping wine into gold star soil 1kg dipping soaked with 5 liters of wine soaked for 20 days is used to drink two shots of the European, if drink bitter can add banana seeds, liquorice.

Note: Pregnant women are not allowed to drink