---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Polygonum
twitter_large: true
image: hathuo.jpg
custom_excerpt: The red cell, the healing effect of hemorrhoids pain treatment, treatment of gray hair early.

---

The red cell, the healing effect of hemorrhoids treatment for aches and pains, treatment of early gray hair, strong tendons. Physiological support, the best use of tubers is the powder

Hakka tree is a wild plant that is mainly distributed in the north. It is more commonly used for red umbrellas than for white umbrellas, and depending on the treatment purpose of each person, To limit gray hair, black hair, strong tendons, white male enhancement of the tendons and supporting cancer is quite good, white male prostitutes are often soaked in alcohol or cooked to use. The red umbrellas are often used to soak or grind powder.

The effect of red umbrella

Use early treatment of gray hair, prevent gray hair, black hair

Strengthen the tendons

Good for blood

Thin people use to gain weight

Longevity

Aches

Head light, dizziness

Objects using red umbrella

The object is often used are those who have a lot of silver hair, silver early in the day before our father had found out the knife, "want to give red hair blue, let each mountain seek to find the cell"

Used to strengthen blood tendon

As Ha cac is a tonic so use only black hair cure is mainly, but the use of medicine is less, hen treatment is effective after a long time, so when using hen hand cells need to Persistence to see the results, many cases used in the time attached do not see the result is abandoned.

There are two types of white and red umbrellas are used before, most of them are used in red umbrella and white umbrellas are used today, but mainly used to soak alcohol to make wine. Taste, long lasting strength.

The red hue is distributed in ninh binh, Thanh Hoa, Nghe An ... white hen is found everywhere in mountainous areas, rice fields, white hacienda in the south of Vietnam are more abundant.

When using red umbrellas, it is necessary to remove the core, soak the rice with water to reduce the toxins in the red squash, then use the dried chopped to use.

It is usually processed with black beans to be used to treat mild to moderate hair.