---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Root
twitter_large: true
image: cay-co-lao.jpg
custom_excerpt: Waterwool is used in the treatment of gastric ulcers.

---


Grows wild in Laos, in Vietnam but also less, harvested trees cut dried for preservation.

Thaioil, also known as Chromolaena odorata (L.) King et Robinson (Eupatorium odoratum L.). Wheat is spicy, warm, has antiseptic effect, bleeding, anti-inflammation. Honey is a herbicide that inhibits bacteria that cause pus on the wound.

The herb is also named Viet Minh grass, communist crops, green manure ......

Grass, Chromolaena odorata (L.) King et Robinson (Eupatorium odoratum L.),

Belonging to the Chrysanthemum - Asteraceae.

Describe:

Plants grow into dust, with the body as high as 2m or more. Horizontal, smooth feathers. Opaque, pointed, toothed, long stem 1-2cm, with 3 major tendons. The flowers are arranged in double, each flower is composed of many northern leaves 3-4 rows. Many flowers, peach color. Rhinoceros, 5-sided, hairy.

Flowering plants in late winter, early spring.

Branches of flowers

Parts used:

Whole plant, mainly leaf - Herba seu Folium Chromolaenae. Where to live and harvest:

The plant originates in the island of Angti, was spread into our country, met in many hills everywhere. The hornbill is very healthy, fast growing in the rainy season. It is capable of very strong regeneration, yielding a high yield of 20-30 tons / ha. It is possible to collect leaves and whole trees all year round. Usually fresh.

Chemical composition:

Wheat contains 2.65% nitrogen; 0.5% phosphorus and 2.48% calium. Parts of the plant contain essential oils, alcaloids, tannins.

Taste, effect:

Effect of waterlogging

Root has some main effects as follows:

Effect of bleeding, wound disinfection

Helps to treat gastritis

An anti-inflammatory effect on the skin

Treatment of dysentery, diarrhea

Help support the treatment of colitis

Wheat is spicy, warm, has antiseptic effect, bleeding, anti-inflammation. Honey is a herbicide that inhibits the bacteria that cause pus and shigellosis.

Use of waterfowl, indications and coordination:

Usually we use fresh leaves to hold the wound, the bleeding bites do not hold. Also used to treat acute dysentery and diarrhea of ​​children; colitis pain, bone pain, gum disease, remedies, mumps, boils. In China, people use rubbing leaves or apply water to the feet of the bite room, leaves leaves to plow the field for 1-2 days to remove parasite larvae (spiral fish with hooks in the head) from getting infected. The grass is used as green manure for herbicides and reduces nematodes in the soil.

How to use:

Leaf grass is in the form of syrup from water hammer (use young leaves washed, crushed, braked in hot water, 5g per 15ml of water, then combine with sugar, 500ml of water to neutralize with water mixed 900g ) to treat dysentery and diarrhea. Teeth whitewash is used for painful bones. Leaves cooked to heal scabies, when bathing with rubbing mash in 5-6 days is not. Fresh leaves or stamping wound.

Clinical application of Cochin

Cure dysentery and diarrhea:

Use 12 grams of grapefruit juice, add sugar, divide 3 times a day.

Cure bone pain:

Use fresh grass 8g, bone pain 12g; gold, drinking water of the day.

Room of bites:

Before wading down to the water, picking leaves and lime leaves, pounding juice, rubbing around the thigh.

Relieve inflammation of intestinal infection, diarrhea:

Apply 150g fresh leaves (or 50g dry leaves) to bake boiling water daily.

Cure blood flowing non-stop due to leeches, squeeze bites:

The grass is rubbed into the handle immediately.

Support for software wounds, bruises due to accidents:

Using a leaf grass is freshly pounded into the wound. Make 1 to 4 times a day. Analgesic, anti-swelling, hemostatic, wound healing very good and limited inflammation.

Cure dysentery bacillus:

Leaves and tops of fresh Lao grass 1 large (150g) washed, chopped, hammered with hot water 80oC (boiling water for 5 minutes cold, 10 minutes hot) for 2 hours with 500ml of water, 80oC or after 2 minutes boil for 2 minutes. Drain water, squeeze the water in the bag, filter the water and then her 150ml. Add 30 - 50g sugar, boil to dissolve. Adults take 50 ml x 3 times a day; Continuously until the cure. If you loose water to drink porridge (rice + sweet potato 1 small) salt (better than oresol because the stool will become moldy) 500-600ml per day diluted porridge.

Support for spinal treatment:

The leaves are washed and crushed, wrapped in a sprain.

Treatment of eye injury by scratch or corneal ulcer

In this case, the patient may be blind due to blue pus or gonorrhea, or severe if using cocticoid eye drops. By simple medicine can cure disease. Grass of Laos and young leaves 50g washed thoroughly, pounded in a clean tibia. Use 2 pieces of clean gauze to divide the pack into 2 packages. Place in a bowl and place it in the steam pressure cooker (15 minutes after deflated). Without a pressure cooker, it can be steamed for 30 minutes (from boiling to boiling). Eyes washed with salt water 2% boiled to calm; Pack the medication pack and then tape the victim to lie on his or her back. 12 hours to replace the drug once. If the disease is mild then 24 hours is off.

Treatment of gastritis:

Combination: Leaf, aloe vera, waterlogging, male sterile taste at the rate as follows:

Leaves 30g, 20g gauze, 20g gourmet, tamarind men 5g color drinking water daily. The use of this experience is a precious experience of ethnic people in the North West.

Treatment of intestinal inflammation, diarrhea:

Apply 150g fresh leaves (or 50g dry leaves) to bake boiling water daily.

Wound treatment:

Using a leaf grass is freshly pounded into the wound. Once a day, maintaining 3-4 times will help the wound heal very quickly and limit inflammation.

Treatment of colitis:

20g dry grass, 10g dark gray, 25g shady white drinking water during the day.

