---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Tea Wire
twitter_large: true
image: cheday.jpg
custom_excerpt: Wire rope is a rare drug that can kill 100% of HP to protect us from stomach cancer.

---

In folk medicine is a support for gastric ulcers but the cure is very limited today we would like to introduce to you a herbal cure completely gastric pain in 6 months is the tea string There are other names called red roses, tea fillings, rice crackers

Introduction to Wired Tea
Striped tea is a climbing plant, growing in the forest. The folk often pick whole leaves at the time of fruitless, washed, chopped, dried, starred and then braked with boiling water as tea drink water instead of daily.

Effect of Tea Wire:
Relieve stomach pain, gastric ulcer, duodenal ulcer.

Cure inflammation, stomach swelling, congestion.

Heat, cool the liver, detoxify the body

In addition, the tea also has a sedative effect, easy to sleep, beverage

Target inflammation, bactericidal (especially HP bacteria), stimulate digestion

In the above effects, rope tea is especially effective for people suffering from gastrointestinal diseases: gastric ulcer - duodenum. - Mechanism of action is to clean Helicobarter Pylori (HP bacteria), here A type of spiral bite that lives on the mucous membrane of the stomach and causes it. In addition, because of the high content of flavonoids in tea strains have anti-inflammatory effect so tea cord also works to reduce gastric mucosa. The level of gastritis before and after treatment with tea drops significantly, most of the inflammation or only mild gastritis. The effect of reducing gastric inflammation is not present in some other drugs. pain, antibiotics, stomach pain medication or from experience such as turmeric, honey ... but only for a while and the status returned as tubers. Epigastric pain, indigestion, heartburn, nausea, hot chest appear when not taking medication.No cause where the treatment is not complete? + Drug dosage is not correct, recombinant bacteria, drug resistance: As Helicobacter pylori infection (HP) is the leading cause of gastric and duodenal ulcer, accounting for 90% of the causes of ulcer and is a risk factor for cancer. H. pylori infection can be transmitted directly from person to person, mostly through eating. When infected people use antibiotics treatment will be able to eradicate bacteria in only about 15 days but the problem is that resistance may be drug, when treatment for re-infection is difficult. When treating HP, treatment for relatives, Avoid cases of infection and re-infection from their loved ones. + Treatment of gastric by experience: Some people share is to use technology, honey to treat stomach but not before the instructions. Tea Wire. Actually, turmeric and honey are good for the stomach but not for medication. Turmeric and honey have low levels of antimicrobial activity and are insoluble in the stomach. It is recommended to use Artisan and Honey at the level of support is limited because honey and honey are hot. + Eating, resting unreasonable: Stress, thinking bad impact on the stomach, causing the condition. Constipation constantly. In addition, it is absolutely recommended to limit sour, spicy foods, greasy, alcoholic drinks. + Used Tea but not effective. Tea Wire has many research works on special effects in conditioning. stomach treatment, Mostly HP disinfection (see below). But it is not necessary to use Roasted Tea because it depends a lot on the origin, processing and preservation, the amount of Star Tea to promote the best effect. The important ingredient in flavonoids and tannins found in roasted tea is lost, and this is the difference of Tea Cord with the best prescription medication and Natural Cord Tea, which causes many patients after the use of time. The effect of natural herbs.
Treat stomach ulcers with tea

Only 20 to 50 grams of high tea tea per day can be used to reduce the amount of tea taken within 15 days. Treatment Time: Effective Tea strains bring about after only 15 days of use, , heartburn, nausea, dyspepsia, aggravation of pain. For complete treatment, it should be used continuously for 3 months in case of ulcer, congestion. In cases of HP need to use more than 4 months, advised relatives to use the same to avoid cross-eating through eating, married life. More information about Tea Testimonials and expert reviews on the effects of tea straps: - As our knowledge, Helicobacter pylori is the cause of gastric and duodenal ulcers and cancer of the stomach. thick. Therefore, for the treatment of stomach disease, it is often necessary to eradicate germs.

Research results of the Pharmaceutical Institute (Ministry of Health) on Tea Wire Chains have the effect of killing germs, bacteria, reduce acidity in the stomach, help stomach ulcer easy to scar; Analgesia was 93.4% higher than that of Alusi, 89%, mean cut time of 8 for 9 days, Alusi for 17 days, tea for complete cure for peptic ulcer disease was 43.18%, with Alusi for 9.44% The scar is Tea 36.36%, with Alusi 30.56%. Using tea sapa you are assured that the tea is clean, not toxic and has no side effects. "According to research by Dr. Vu Nam, Dean of the Department of Diagnostic Imaging, Traditional medicine of Vietnam - Patients with epigastric pain treated with wire tea have a rapid cut-off time. On average, after only 8-9 days, more than 90% of patients have pain, appetite and appetite, pleasant people, sleep better. Patients studied before and after treatment endoscopy, the results after the use of rope tea showed that close to 80% of patients with scarring. Thus, tea strains have the effect of causing gastric ulcer very high. - According to the study of Dr. Vu Nam, another effect of tea string with gastric ulcer patients - duodenum Cleansing Helicobarter Pylori, a type of spirochete, lives on the mucous membrane of the stomach and causes it. In addition, because of the high content of flavonoids in tea cord has anti-inflammatory effect, so tea string also reduce the inflammation of gastric mucosa. The level of gastritis before and after treatment with tea drops significantly, most of the inflammation or only mild gastritis. The effect of reducing the gastric inflammation of the tea is not available in some other types of medicine. - The excellent results in the treatment of gastric pain of tea as above was tested by component analysis in tea. Cord. Wired tea is a flavonoid-rich and tannin-rich drug, containing two types of glucose and rhamnose. Flavonoids in tea have anti-inflammatory effect, reducing gastric mucosa. The Helicobarter Pylori (Helicobacter pylori) Helicobacter pylori (Helicobacter pylori) purifies the gastric mucosa and causes gastric and duodenal ulcers. The result is effective use of tea strap for people with gastric diseases. more than 90% of gastric pain patients, appetite, appetite and comfort,

Commit to effective treatment after 15 days.

Do not use for pregnant women According to traditional medicine, tea Sweet sweetness cool, has the use of thermal bar, target, detoxification, often used to treat diseases such as herpes, boils, numbness Low ... Modern Chinese research shows that clinical treatment of diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease, acute lymphadenitis, acute mastitis, surgical infections, pharyngitis and tonsillitis. Acute otitis media, acute inflammation of the kidneys, progressive rheumatism, musculoskeletal pain, gum disease, boils, nausea, eczema, wound infection. At the pumpkin was cleaned because the fins when buying you just put tea into the warm then glaze through the hot water after filling the water for 3 minutes. Usable, this is a completely natural product without preservatives.