---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Anal
twitter_large: true
image: cay_an_xoa.jpg
custom_excerpt: Pineapple is often used to treat hepatitis a, b, c prevention cirrhosis ascites, prevention of cancer.

---

In recent years, many people have an interest in using effective healing plants. Annamental plants are wild plants in high medicinal nature for treatment.

An anaerobic flora originated from the province of Binh Phuoc by a patient named Hoa used to treat severe hepatocellular cancer used after 2 months, he recovered health.

Annihilation as some newspapers say they are quite effective for cancer patients some newspapers write to treat the cancer in the end, the anal fin has such miraculous effect. Guests learn the benefits of the anal cavity below.

Applying an ana

Analgesic treatment of hepatitis a, b, c

The treatment of liver enzymes high, fatty liver

Trees cure fibromyalgia ascites

Trees have the effect of curing cancer

Trees cure colon inflammation

Reduce belly fat

Effect of abdominal distention

Effective alcohol detoxification

Objects used anal massage

Patients with hepatitis a, b, c

Used to treat high liver enzymes and fatty liver

Patients with cirrhosis of the ascites use very effectively

Patient supports cancer

Used to treat colitis.

People often have to use alcohol

Used to detoxify liver quite effectively

Pineapple is used in folklore very effectively with liver disease, an anabolic herb is a precious medicine that was written in the book of the master DO TAI LOI, an anatomy named another is a hairy tree, cocoon coconut , Heliconia hirsuta Lour is a species of wild shrub growing in many places.

Today, some families have planted medicinal plants with slow growth, the quality of analgesia is not high when using healing.

An anthracite is widely used by the villagers, but it is not the place where the number of ananas is highest, but the number of anaerobes that are concentrated in the area, pacification, The place is mainly mountainous.

The main chemical component of analgesia is alcoloid (an anti-cancer agent, blocking the growth of U), flavonoids (antioxidant, hepatocellular protection), in addition to plants. Some enzymes and many other active substances.

However, no study has investigated the distribution of analgesia affecting the quality of analgesia.

Some pills use an anabolic stain to heal

Treatment of elevated liver enzymes, fatty liver

100g scented tree, 50g red ginger, 50g coconut tree climbing, 50g black-spotted plant, drinking water. Treatment of hepatitis b

Pineapple 100g, natural green fungus 30g, roots split tamarisk 50g, green curry leaves 50g drink water. Cirrhosis of ascites

100g black sponge, 50g black ginseng, 50g green fungus, 50g fennel, 50g shredded roots, 50g sticky rice cucumber 50g, wild pineapple 50g. Prevent cancer treatment

100g red sponge, 50g red sponge, 50g green leafy mushroom, 50g red ginger, 50g red ginger, 50g shredded roots, 50g leeches, 50g wild boar. Leaves 30g, papaya flowers 20g

