---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Eucalyptus creeper
twitter_large: true
image: ca-gai-leo.jpg
custom_excerpt: Cucumber is one of the precious herbs that can cure hepatitis b, high liver enzymes, fatty liver is very effective.

---

Cucumber shoots, the effect of cucumber shoots, the sale of cucumber shoots for hepatopancreas to support hepatitis B virus, liver cirrhosis, liver enzymes high efficiency, cicada is now in many the place of medicine.

Eucalyptus is a medicinal herb that has been used since ancient times. Cucumber is a wild plant that is listed in the book of Doan Su Doi Loi, another name is green tea, purple flower has the effect of curing diseases. yellow liver skin, detoxification due to allergy ...

Cucurbits are usually harvested in the central area and are now widely grown in the central and northern provinces.

Recently, Vietnamese researchers have clarified that cucurbit trees have the effect of supporting hepatitis virus b, high liver enzymes, fatty liver ...

Ca Gai Leo grows in many places in the country, cucumber grows into dust and grows in places like bamboo shoots, the tree is softwood, leaves are sparse, the whole body has sharp thorns. Leaves at the top of the lower leaf of the leaf have thorns in the leafy stems and hairy stems, more hair on the leaves, purple and purple flowers depending on the growing area, the fruit is green when ripe red.

Effect of cucumber shoots

Cucurbitaceae Creeping cucurbitus cure liver disease, hepatitis, cirrhosis, liver enzymes, hepatitis b

The use of tomato sprouts stimulates digestion, diuretic liver protection liver detoxification, high liver enzymes, fatty liver, liver cirrhosis, prevention of liver cancer ...

Chemical composition of CaGa Leaf: Whole plant and most of alkaloid roots. The roots also contain starch, saponozit, flavonozit solasodin, solasodinon, glycoalcaloid ...

The use of cucumber is harvested to cut the whole dried tree when using the yellow star soil (to burn off the hair of the tree if not so when it is feeling itchy throat caused neck sore).

Vietnamese and international medicine highly appreciated. This is the best medicinal herb currently available for liver detoxification. In gypsum, Glycoalcaloid inhibits viral hepatitis B virus replication. This plant can also help decontaminate and detoxify the liver.

Science studies that creeping clumps together with bile give us very high results when drinking.

Echinacea for cirrhosis ascites

In the part of the cucumber, the rootstocks are the most precious of all the medicinal plants in the root of the plant, the story is that when the root of cilantro clenched teeth, we go to drink will not be drunk, and practical Point out when we give the roots of cypress creeper into the glass of wine for about 5 minutes and we try to reduce the wine to only two thirds.

Echinacea is a fast-acting detoxification due to high levels of Glycoalcaloids that inhibit hepatitis virus replication.

The cucumber is harvested all year round, and it is used to chop dried shrimps before using ground yellow star every time use 50g - 100g for warmth pour about 1.5 liters boiling small half in 30 Minutes to the water-soluble substances then used as tea.

Treatment of cirrhosis of the liver ascites, hepatitis b cucumber trees combined with anabolic 100g, green fungus 30g and 50g tamarind tree roots can give more flavor.

Uses liver enzyme treatment, cancer prevention, cucumber 30g, thuringian 30g or so-called spawning and coconut 30g water color to prevent liver disease, liver cancer.

There are some cases of climbing cucumber in combination with the roots of bile healing hepatitis b is quite effective, using the above but high cost but the best effect.

Echinacea is often used as a preventive measure to prevent major diseases. Because of the frequent use of alcohol and beer, it is recommended to use cucumber to prevent liver disease.

The use of curcuma also makes the skin healthy, smooth.

When using crocus shoots should be gold star land to use without the hoarse.

