---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Xa Xa tree
twitter_large: true
image: cay-xa-xi.jpg
custom_excerpt: Xa Xa is used as a flavoring to make beverages, and also has the effect of treating some diseases.

---

Xa Xa Xa is only recently discovered by the people of the southern provinces, as the essential oils, wood and roots of this plant smell very similar to the smell of bottled water (Salsepareille), a type of American imported or France consists of spirits, liquorice, methyl salicylate, essential oil, sassafras.

Description of trees

Sassafras is a tree 12-18m high, cylindrical branches mature, young shoots 4 edges, smooth ball. Leaves 12-18cm long, 5-7cm wide, 3 ribs or feathers, both of which appear on the same branch. Thin leaf petals, short about 4cm. White flowers are slightly fragrant, sparse flowers. Berry spherical.

Distribution, harvesting and processing

It grows in the northern provinces but most in the southern provinces from Quang Tri province, most in Lam Dong, Dong Nai, Song Be. Also found in Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia ...

In our country, we only saw timber harvesting, used in construction and furniture. Less see the drug. Recently in the southern provinces, the people of some areas extracted from bark and body wood a fragrant oil used for drinking water and medicine.

Usage and dosage

In our country, we have not used shell, wood body or chamois oil as medicines. Only used to use essential oil to drink decoction drink water, pepper. In Malaysia, people use wood as a tonic for girls during puberty. In Giava, people use essential oils to treat rheumatism, aches and pains.

According to the published materials on the formula of the highland salty water, the main ingredient in salty water is highland saline, high liquorice is used as aromatic substances with a very low salicylate methyl, Sassafras oil. Sassafras oil is sourced from bark and roots and root wood and Sassafras officinalis L. rootwood, not found in our country. Oil content in the shell is up to 6%, while wood is only 2%. Oil is very liquid, heavier than water (density 1,070-1,076, containing up to 80% of allylpyrocatechin methyl ether safrole) with pinene, phellandrene, some eugenol and camphor. In Europe and America, Sassafras is used as a medicine for sweating, rheumatism. Essential oil is a fragrance for cheap soap and as a safrole extract.