---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Jade mushrooms
twitter_large: true
image: namngoc.jpg
custom_excerpt: Yew is a medicinal herbs that help improve physiology, impotence, asthma, genitals, vestibular disorders.

---

Jade mushrooms are collected in the natural forest. They are then washed and then cut to dry or sage, raw and difficult to dry drying, green products always ensure the best quality.

Jade mushrooms are used to treat the physiological effect of selling mushrooms

Mushroom Ngoc Cau is another name for the sun, the earth wind, humiliation sapa jade mushroom is naturally grown in the forest where high humidity usually grow in the bush.

Currently, jade mushrooms are harvested in the wild for rinsing, packing for preservation.

Mushroom jade is used with the name of medicine is pale yellow, and the name jade mushroom because the mushroom grows in the shape of the quarter of the dog should be called jade mushroom.

The use of jade mushrooms cure physiology, impotence, asthma, genitals, kidney positive, kidney tonic, good for postpartum women, especially this fungus is suitable for both men and women that good use.

Effect of jade mushrooms

Mushroom Ngoc Cau is really good, not to say that the west is good spirits, the article said mushrooms in the west of the new good rulers do not give scientific evidence but only general sentences. .

Yew is one of the medicinal herbs that have strong physiological properties, so it is recommended that when used it should be limited.

Fungus is often used to treat impotence, physiological weakness, pain, women postpartum, in addition to fungus is very good for digestive abdominal distention, mushrooms have the effect of treating vestibular disorders.

The use of jade mushrooms

Jumbo mushrooms experience better use than older bulbs and tubers better than flowers.

In eastern medicine using jade mushrooms to strengthen the kidneys positive, bloody, strong sex, add flavor, laxative, urinalysis. Management of physiological, impotence, depression, back pain, fatigue, anorexia. Especially when jade mushrooms are combined with some other drugs for treating hyperactivity disorder very well.

Objects use jade mushrooms

Jade is often used to treat physiological weakness, premature ejaculation

Cure the dream, the satellite

Apply to your stomach

Used in cases of impotence.

Used as a kidney tonic

Mushroom jade with wine

Jade Mushroom: A delicious appetizer for good health, but also for health: Ginger jalapeno can be picked up with iron or rinsed to drain and then put into a jar from 3- 5 liters of wine in a month is to use Dark red wine, bitter taste, aroma drink two times a day two small glasses

Jade mushrooms for as long as possible experience should be soaked with some other herbs have higher effects, tonic, good for the kidneys, healthy glaze.

You can soak in a variety of other herbs such as trichosum or humiliation and luscious oranges.

Drinking alcohol for the longer the new good should drink just to have the effect of drinking too much to drink the body.

