---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Italy
twitter_large: true
image: cayydi.jpg
custom_excerpt: Many people use it because they have more uses and more nutrients than gao.

---

The reason is, the effect of the mind, the place of sale is used to treat lung disease, milk benefits, is thought to have a lot of nutrients so often used as food.

Other names of mind: Bo, Bo

Scientific name - Coix lachryma - jobi L., family of rice - Poaceae.

Description: Annual or perennial herb. The body is upright, 1.5-2m high, branching at the tops of flowers. There are many roots in the root. Leaves are sparse, leafy, parallel veins, no stem. Monochromaticity of the same origin: short, light green, looking like a branch of rice; The female is in a thick and hard north leaf, from blue to brown to black. The egg is slightly pointed (often referred to as the nucleus) surrounded by a hard leaf (often called the shell).

Flowers July-August, fruit from September to October.

Parts used: Semen Coicis, commonly known as human heart. Roots, leaves are also used.

Habitat and Harvest: Asian tropical species, wild and often planted in water, fields and fields. Planted with fruit. People harvest the tree when the fruit ripe, cut the whole plant to dry, beat the fruit, dried, then grind, pick up the white, dried or dried. Cut roots, wash them and then dry them.

Chemical composition: Seeds contain carbohydrates, protid, lipid and many amino acids such as leucine, tyrosine, histidine, lysine, arginine, coicin, glutamic acid. In fat there are coixenolide and coixol, sitosterol, dimethyl glucosid. In China, nuts have myristic acid, campesterol, ... Roots contain protid, lipid and starch.

Properties, effect: seeds are sweet, light, cool; Effect of supplement, tastes, diuretic, heat bar burned, add waste. The roots are bitter, sweet, welding properties; Effect of heat bar, low benefit, balm, antiseptic. Leaves are nutritious and beneficial.

Intentional effect

Use, designation and coordination:

Seeds for treatment: lung abscess, appendicitis; diarrhea, diarrhea; rheumatism pain; gastric ulcer, cervical ulcer; warts, eczema. Dosage: 15-30g, formulation or dispersion.
Italy is a good tonic and body nutrition, used to strengthen the elderly and children, milk benefits for women of childbirth.

Because there are more lipids, protid than rice, more protid than corn meal, so people use white pound to blow the rice, also fragrant, plastic and delicious like sticky rice. Or combine with Sen seeds. Simmered chicken stew with chicken to eat just delicious. Also used to cook tea, delicious food like sticky rice tea.

Root for treatment: Urinary tract infections, kidney stones; hydrocephalus, low bone pain, diarrhea, eczema, menstrual disorders, dyspnea; except worms, abdominal worms. Dosage 15-30g, form of drug.
Application form:

Javelin: Italian roots are rich in drinking water, or Italian roots are 60g, Human 30g, add a little sugar, 3 times a day.

Roundworm: Root 15g, leave with alcohol.

Note: Pregnant women who use it must be very careful.

Some common remedies:

Lesson 1: Increased lactation, good milk of women after birth: The idea of ​​living 50g, pork manicure 1, stewed. Eat once a day. Eat three times a week.

Lesson 2: Cure urinary incontinence: 20-50g live, add water to cook in the form of diluted rice porridge.

Or, use 20-40g of leaves or roots every day, add some whiskers, cotton, whole plants, 20-40g each, all washed with 800ml of boiled water, 3 divided doses during the day. Drink for as long as symptoms persist.

lesson 3

Each color is 40g, paint, military history (remove silk shell), humiliation, each 30g, 16g divination, 200g, glutinous rice 100g. All star gold, fine powder, divided on 2 times, each 12-16g, drink with warm water. Children age, reduce the amount.

Lecture 4: Heat, detoxification (the face of many eggs, causing soreness): 20 to 20g live, add water cooked in the form of rice porridge.

Or combined with dandelion, earrings, honeysuckle, each 10-16g. Add 700ml of water to 250ml of water, divide 2 times a day. Drink for days until the symptoms improve.

Note: Persons who are physically fit, pregnant women should be very careful when using care. At present, many of the ideas put on the market are counterfeit (not the kernel of the will as dictated by the Pharmacopoeia) but rather the seeds of Sorghum in China. Therefore, when applied must choose a store of prestigious physician.

At present, Japanese women often use the mind to care for skin and reduce fat in the following ways:

Facial wash
Dust, sweat, sebum secretions from the pores, grease residues from cosmetics ... cling to the skin, is the main cause of acne, acne and inflammatory diseases on the skin. So, clean the face, the right method, have good prevention and skin care. Adding fermented water into the cleanser, will be able to increase the cleaning effect, easily eliminate the type of residue on the skin.

Usage: Use about 500-1000g nuts, then spread into fine powder, put in vials or plastic bags to use gradually. You can buy it in the South East Pharmacy Store, or in some food stores.

When using, soak in a little flour with warm water and let the kitchen in the night to ferment (smell a bit sour, like water to wash the rice overnight), take water to wash the face. When washing your face, add 1/3 teaspoon of water to the fermented milk into the cleanser, then rub the palm, then apply to the face. Face massage 3-5 minutes, massage lightly from the inside out, follow the circle, then rinse with warm water.

Do not wash your face with hot water, thus reducing the effect of active ingredients in the mind. For those with acne or acne, only apply lightly on the face, avoiding strong irritation on the skin to be inflamed. The effects of mild anxiety are generally mild and irritating to the skin. However, the skin in each person is different, so it's best to try to see if you have allergies before using it.

Skin beauty mask
Use to wash your face every day, but it works well, but to maximize the effect of skin care, should be used to cover the mask. Legend has it that in the royal court of China, in order to beautify the skin, the maidens often use an esoteric remedy, which is to mix the honey with the honey and put on the face.

At present, Japanese women often use masks to make masks in the following way: Mix the powder with the make-up powder, into a thick paste like egg yolk, then put on the face to make " mask". Note, need to use alcohol-free alcohol to work well. In order to increase the absorption effect of the active ingredients in the mind, after applying masks, it is possible to coat a moisturizing membrane on top (do not forget to cut two holes to breathe). After 10-15 minutes remove the moisturizing membrane, wash the surface with cool water. Weekly, should persist 1-2 times.

The mask is very well regulated, for people with dry skin, allergic skin and often acne. For people with freckles and freckles also works pretty well.

This "mask" can also be used in other locations: Apply on two cheeks to prevent freckles; Apply to the skin near the eyes to remove wrinkles; Apply to the elbow, knees, the skin is sensitive to horns, to avoid "rancid skin toad". In particular, the neck is the most visible "trace of time", freckles and wrinkles in the neck easily hit the eyes, so weekly should also cover the powder around the neck about 1-2 times.

Slimming tea
Use 10g seeds, 1 lotus leaf (chopped), paint (cat apple) 10g, peel 6g, put on the thermos bottle, pour boiling water into the drink tea instead of water during the day; After drinking all the water, add boiling water to the second water hammer.

This tea has a relatively safe slimming effect, but must be taken continuously about 3 months to clear the results.

Beauty remedies:

(1) Cure the lips swollen: 30g, the room 6g, cottage bean chain (small red bean seeds) 6g, picking water, leave the pulp, drink when the medicine is warm ).

(2) Remove the scars on the skin:

(2.1) Porridge: 60 grams of deli, cooked into porridge to eat during the day (Manuscripts).

(2.2) Cucumber tea: 20-30g isotonic, 15g blackcurrant roots, drinking water instead of tea during the day, drink continuously for half a month can be effective.

(3) Cure acne: Heavenly Knees (natural death kangaroo - get purple leaves) 50g fresh (or 15g dry), 30 grams of nuts; Use rice water to cook porridge, eat the natural diet, divided into three servings of the day (Chinese medicine magazine 1985).

