---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Le Hen
twitter_large: true
image: lahen.jpg
custom_excerpt: Asthma (asthma) is one of the most common chronic respiratory illnesses, with an estimated 300 million people worldwide.

---

According to the Global Asthma Foundation (GINA), bronchial asthma is characterized by inflammation of the lining of the airways, leading to edema, bronchospasm, increased mucus secretion and increased respiratory responsiveness.

Bronchial asthma progresses sporadically with intermittent periods, episodes that can be triggered by a person coming in contact with an allergen or a variety of factors, such as a change in weather causing high temperature and humidity; exertion; psychological trauma (sad, happy, crying, laughing); some medicines (aspirin, anti-inflammatory, analgesic, sympathetic beta blockers); respiratory infections; environmental pollution (smoke, dust, chemicals, fragrances); Some foods contain sulfite-based drinks ...

Since ancient times, Le Hen has been used to treat bronchial asthma. Today, modern science has shown that Hen leaf trees are effective in treating bronchial asthma and chronic respiratory diseases. In particular, Hen leaf combined with herbs will be an effective solution for the treatment of this dangerous disease.

Hen leaf is a shrub, the scientific name is Calotropis giggantea R. Br., Belonging to the Ascleppiadaceae family. Le Hen also known as "Nam thì she", "sea" (South), "bồng bồng". According to Tay, Hen leaf is called "Coke May".

Medicinal materials from Hen leaves are bitter, slightly cheesy, cool, have the effect of poisoning, sputum, inversely, except cough. Hen leaf is used in traditional medicine of Vietnam and India for thousands of years to treat bronchial asthma, whooping cough, bronchitis. According to experience, Hen leaves often have results after 2 to 3 days. There were cases of results found immediately after 10 minutes. Le Hen is often combined with many other drugs to treat the disease.

Scientific evidence on the effect of Hen:

The α-and β-amyrin active ingredient in Hen leaf inhibits leukotriene synthesis, which results in bronchodilator and anti-inflammatory effects. (Leukotriene is a group of chemically produced chemotherapeutics. bronchial asthma compared with normal people and they can cause bronchospasm and a variety of pre-inflammatory reactions.

Leaf greatly restricts the features of airway inflammation, including the infiltration of inflammatory cells such as the cells. lymphocytes, eosinophils and neutrophils. The anti-inflammatory effect of Hen leaf is similar to that of Dexamethasone - a corticosteroid that has a strong anti-inflammatory effect.

Le Hen also has antioxidant activity, which reduces the activity of free radicals (which causes oxidative stress - one of the important factors that cause asthma and COPD) in the respiratory tract.

Ingredients of Hen leaf also work to dilute sputum and make sputum easier to spit. In animal studies, Hen leaf has also been found to have some chemical antipyretic, analgesic, antimicrobial, anti gastric ulcer, and drugs such as aspirin, indomethacin (Indocin ), ...

So far, there have been many studies of leaf hybrids in the world, including animal and human studies. Hen leaf can be used alone or in combination with other medications to treat asthma. chronic bronchitis, COPD due to its anti-inflammatory, lipoxygenase inhibitor and antioxidant properties.

Products help strengthen respiratory function (reduce the phenomenon of lung aspiration, oxygen deficiency, enhance cellular energy); Cough, chronic bronchitis and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), as well as help reduce the frequency and complications of the disease.

This product is completely natural, has long lasting effects, not cause side effects, can use the same medicine.