---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Root of dandelion
twitter_large: true
image: bo-cong-anh.jpg
custom_excerpt: Dandelion root is used to treat leukemia, hepatitis, breast milk.

---

Dandelion grows in many places where dandelion is sold in the greenhouse. The whole plant is used as a medicinal plant and leaves are cheaper and the roots are higher. leaf lemons previously used to block the rays of milk fat, blood lipids .. recently found the anti-cancer compounds from the dandelion blood.

Dandelion root is used to treat cancer, dandelion root is used to treat cancer of the blood

Dandelion Vietnam also known as wild boar, wild lettuce, wild boar, spear, vegetable plow.

Description of dandelion plant

Small trees live each year, usually about 1 - 3 m high, the stem is straight, smooth, no branches or very few branches. Leaves have many shapes, leaves and stalks are white as milk, slightly bitter taste. Flowers are yellow or purple.

Distribution, harvesting and processing

Dandelions grow wild in many provinces of our country.

This is a very easy seedlings plant, the planting season in April 3-4 or 9-10, can also be planted with original pieces, after 4 months can be harvested.

Often, people picking leaves for fresh or dried or dried to use gradually, no special processing.

Effect of dandelion roots

Vietnamese dandelion is a useful medicinal plant in the people for the treatment of breast swelling, wheezing.

The roots also inhibit the growth of tumors, often used to support the treatment of cancer

Usually combined with other medicinal plants to treat stomach pain, eating less.

Also used to treat pimples are swollen pus, or boils,

Objects using dandelion roots

People have stomach pain

Women clogged with milk

Cancer patients, especially blood cancer

People with intestinal disease, poor digestion

Dosage

The daily dose is about 20-40 g fresh leaves or 10-15 g dried leaves (or dried branches and leaves).

Often used as a decoction with added sugar for easy drinking.

It can be used alone or in combination with other drugs such as (Leaf, tea string, ginseng).

If you use shredded outside the dose regardless.

The prescription is based on dandelion root

Cancer treatment: 20g dandelion root, 40g irradiation with 1 liter of drinking water

Eat less diarrhea, or get pimples: dandelion leaves dry 10-15 g; 600 ml water (about 3 bowls); 200 ml (1 bowl) can boil and boil for 15 minutes; Drink continuously for 3-5 days, may last longer. Treatment of swelling of the breast, milk whips: 20-40 g fresh dandelion leaves, washed, added a little salt, crushed, squeeze the drinking water, and used to cover the breast pain. Usually only 2-3 times is used.

Relieve gastric pain: dried dandelion leaf 20 g; Leaves 15 g; 10 g ginseng; Add 300 ml of water, boil for 15 minutes, add some sugar, then divide 3 times a day.

Drink continuously for 10 days, then rest for 3 days and then drink until the cure.

Dandelion is effective for effective blood cancer, combined with 50g coconut palms,

Dandelion is combined with coconut trees have effective inhibitory effect and cure blood cancer very effectively, according to experience can use ginseng onions and needle.