---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Trees of Blood
twitter_large: true
image: caycomau.jpg
custom_excerpt: Grassroots blood has a blood-additive effect, good for postpartum women, healing pain, good sleep well.

---

Bloody plants in recent years are well known for good use for postpartum women, blood tonic, pain treatment, beauty is the main use of plants, careful to buy the wrong tree for the wrong purpose. use.

Beauty Herbal Blood Coat for Women

Grass Blood is the name of the Ruc because the tree when cooked red water, bloody plants called the funeral, bloody plants with roots deep roots people dig up roots We often bake on fire immediately or keep the kitchen to dry and use gradually. The bloody grass is bitter, sweet, sweet.

The effect of blood plants

Grassy plants: Blood plants have health effects after childbirth, water bath for children, cure stomach pain, make drinking water to recover health when tired, sedative, anemic, blood pressure, stimulating eating, beautiful skin.

Beautiful For The Tree

The grass is blood used by the Minh Hoa because of that the girls here are white, with round eyes, black hair, red lips, Minh Hoa people believe that when the mother drinks water The grass is the main reason for the beauty of the girl.

Dose: starch or dried starch plants each time about 10 -20g color sharpness depending on the rate of water can color from 2 to 4 times to drink tea instead.

Ivy plants are very effective in the treatment of pain such as pain, menstrual flow, anemia.

Taste is red, chat, slightly sweet

Grass has a beautiful effect, beautiful people because of trees.