---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Pine Tree
twitter_large: true
image: cay-thong-dat.jpg
custom_excerpt: Earthworm works very well for brain atrophy, impotence, Alzheimer's, for unexpected results.

---

Pine trees grow in so many places where there are many types of soil loss, each of which has medicinal properties in the treatment of serrified jellyfish in the pine family has the most effective healing.

Pineapple also known as serrate toothpick, dragon fruit has the effect of treating brain atrophy, Alzhermer,

On the first days of spring 2013, people go to pagoda temple festival, and I am not happy in the heart because new heard his brother years of years are not sick and not clear. Mr. Ma Viet Tuong, 67, now lives in Bang Lung town, Cho Don district, Bac Kan province. From his retirement to more than seven years, he began to have a diagnosed brain atrophy determined by magnetic resonance tomography at the central geriatric hospital.

When we were young, we were very close both in work and in everyday life. But now he no longer recognizes me, each step with each other feet, the attitude of indifference, indifference, eyes to see the end, ask curious and very annoying questions: who are you? , here comes something, rest, do not work ...

He lost his memory, struggled hard, could not take care of himself, funny part because of the way his brother is still the same as the head of tax at work. His wife Xim, who is a senior physician said: he does not remember anything, stray not know the way back, find the lead to argue back to force.

For many years researching medicinal herbs and medicinal remedies, I learned that pine trees have been scientifically channeled from the United States, Russia and China to treat brain atrophy, memory loss. The use of pine trees was recently found in the uplands of Vietnam, so I gave the sample of pine trees to Mrs. Xim to see, and her home in the Ba Be National Park is likely to have this tree. She tried to drink 5-10 grams a day, his brain can heal, at least improve.

This is a jelly tooth pine branch of this tree works 10 times more than pine trees only use 1-2g per day if overdose will have vomiting phenomenon.

Xim found the right Pine Tree specimen in the forest, combined with a number of herbal supplements according to my research, resulting in 6 months after his memory and mobility, health and general condition. clearly marked. He was walking normally, able to take care of himself and go out without getting lost again. One year later, after the festival in 2014, we returned to Cho Don district to visit him, he was happy to meet face to face, drinking together also tell stories "the old days" for several hours.

Brain atrophy, dementia and earth decay

Brain Damage, Dementia is a disease caused by degeneration, death and interruption of transmission between neurons, resulting in transmission of information from the central to functional areas of interruption, To accomplish its functions and tasks. The common object is the elderly, the object after the stroke, stroke, brain injury, people often work in the stress environment, pressure.

The early signs of depression are forgetfulness, forgetfulness, forgetfulness of words, forgotten names, forgetting locations to familiar objects ... More serious is the frequent mistakes, irritability, irritability, irritability, headache, insomnia, decreased ability to coordinate movement, behavior. Finally lost language, memory loss, forget how to eat rice, drink water, personal hygiene ... disability and death.

Origin and use of the earth pine

The name of the body is also known as the trunk, or the bearded dragon.

earthenwood and pine tree on the left side is the pine or dry fir tree on the right is dry sawn calligraphy we sell price 2tr / kg

Effect of fir trees in treating brain atrophy, memory loss

Soil, scientific name: Huperzia squarrosa Family: Lycopodiaceae. The earth is also known as the body part. The main active ingredient of the earthen passage is Huperzine A. It was first isolated by Chinese scientists in 1948. The alkaloide can readily penetrate the blood-brain barrier and directly affect the brain cells. brain.

Huperzine A works to strengthen the neurotransmitter, prevent the formation of plaque, confusion in the brain, nourish the brain cells that respond very well to Alzheimer's disease, brain atrophy and dementia and Diseases associated with brain neuronal injury.

According to a report in the National Institutes of Health (NIH, USD)

The efficacy of Hypercholesterolemic Acid Dissolution Enzyme A is similar to or higher than the AchE inhibitor used in Western medicine for Alzheimer's, dementia such as physostigmine, galanthamine, Donepezil. better penetration through the blood-brain barrier, higher oral viability and longer duration of action

A clinical trial demonstrating the effect of improved memory, cognitive decline, and function of pine trees was conducted by the Y-Chi-Chi (China) University in 50 patients with signs of memory decline. , dementia. The results were excellent, with 58% of cases having significant improvement in memory, perception and behavior after only 0.2 mg of Huperzine A for 10 days

Description: The tree grows on the ground and rises; The body is 30-50cm high, branching much. The leaves are twisted together, shaped like strips. Cotton is very much, relatively small, hanging at the tip of the small branches, light brown. Sporocysts near the sphere, unevenly bent.

Parts used: Whole plant - Herba Lycopodiellae Cernuae.

Habitat and Harvest: Species of China and tropical countries of Asia. In our country, the tree is very common in the forest, the savan, light-fast, tolerant, hot in many places of different heights.

Chemical composition: The plant contains an alcaloid of cernuine and a small amount of nicotine.

Properties, effect: bitter, spicy, warm; low-effect gallbladder, weight balance, weight loss, blood and diuretic. In Yunnan (China), the tree is considered sweet, slightly bitter; Effect of bar can cleanse, zone only the concept, detoxification, blood only, pregnancy, weight balance, diuretic.

Uses, indications and combinations: It is often used to treat acute hepatitis, red eyes, sore throat and chronic cough. Dosage 5g, drink, or in combination with other drugs.

In Yunnan (China) is used for arthritis, sweating theft, night blindness, adverse urination, premature delivery symptoms, fire burns, children paralyzed after sequelae.

In Malaysia, fruit juice is used as an antiseptic and also for cough. Ash soaked in vinegar to cure skin rashes.

Information for you:

Digestive is a precious herbs that work very well in preventing brain atrophy, Alzheimer's, dementia and old age. This product has been proven effective and prepared into a convenient tablet form.

The use of fir tree is very simple in the treatment of brain atrophy every use of about 3g or 1 to 2 small water drops if combined with other herbs will give better performance.

Note that the tree is very strong if the overdose caused nausea. When using earthen should not use stimulants.

The earthen plant uses very low doses of only one small plant or half of the longest tree of only one gang.