---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Three
twitter_large: true
image: ba_kich.jpg
custom_excerpt: Three purple increase the ability to blanket pillow, dream, genetics, physiological enhancement, blood circulation, triple-click appetizer before meals help delicious.

---

Triggers are often used as a cardiopulmonary catheter, three stimulators that support the main physiological diseases because the trichinae often use triple soaked alcohol to use, three soaked In combination with other drugs that are very good.

Three purple is a medicinal healing drug for men often used in alcohol soaking to use three jackpots commonly used in the dry form more fresh.

Ba Trim is a precious medicinal plant growing in the forest of three triple and three Golden Triangle has been planted by some plants are triple drug to use but the number is very little we mainly enter the middle National is the main.

Scientific Name: Radix Morindae Officinalis

Uses three triple triglycerides.

Renal renal positive, except low rheumatism. Valorization of impotence, infertility (due to cold bowel), evidence of low welding conditions

Three rays are usually used for drinking water, physiological weakness, asthma, genitalia, ectopic pregnancy infertility. Soak Alcohol to help rejuvenate the kidney 1kg Three shots dry soaked wine with 5 liters - 10 liters of alcohol

Three shoots are dried out because of the core roots are toxic, Trichodina is steamed to remove the core drying

Three Dry Violet Dry Cord Vacuumed

Temperament: Spicy, sweet, slightly cold, scalp Renal.

According to ancient books:

The Book of Sutras: The Spicy Heat.

Japanese book of the black man: bitter taste.

List of famous names: sweet, not toxic.

Book Draft resolution: enter the tone of economic analysis, business prosperity.

Book of Error Leaving pharmaceutical processing solution: enter the business.

Main component:

Gentianine, carpaine, choline, trigonelline, disogenin, yamogenin, gitogenin, tigogenin, vitexin, orientin, quercetin, luteolin, vitamin B1.

A. Traditional medicine:

Ancient Literature

The famous book: "whether magic head (a kind of allergy head floating in the face), lower abdomen and vulva pain, as well as add to the tuberculosis, euphoria, benefit son."

Books of the economy: "master fire fist gas, unpredictable sound, strengthen the core, an organ, increase the gas.

Draft manuscript is weak: "Complementary nephropathy, injured five patients, negligence neo-temperament, air conditioning, air freight, eels."

Japanese book of death manuscripts: "an organ consecration, gas center, treatment of leprosy, treatment of evil gas".

B. Results of modern pharmacological research: Too few studies.

According to the book of Chinese medicine: large rats and mice taking drugs do not show the effect of male sex. The drug works like ACTH to make the thymus atrophy.

According to Do all the colors are effective to increase the contraction of the bowel and reduce blood pressure, not toxic.

How to use Three purple, three scoop digging for steamed into steamed and then the core is finished but it is mostly used to dry the new steam when it is easy to remove the intestine.

In the other way, when cutting fresh cut leaves to get the core of this wing makes the three badly damaged aesthetics, the three to withdraw the core used to be safe because the root of the tree has a three certain toxic effects. Three-shot ginseng is mainly used on ladders and using three jugs to soak alcohol, every 1kg dry three lures often soaked with 1-4 liters of alcohol, use 10g -30g sharp

The object uses three clicks

Gentlemen want to increase men's bravery

Use of impotence

Inferior people

Hands and feet

Relieves back pain due to poor kidney function

Sore knee pain

He is weak and weak.

Some remedies use triple healing.

Cirrhosis of the uterus, irregular menstruation, lower abdominal chains

Weight: 120g, Liqueur 20g, 640g Tuấn kim, 80g Matching Bar, Cinnamon bark (remove the shells) 160g, frogs 160g. Powder flakes. Use of wine to restore. Drinking 20 drops with light salt (Ba Truong Hoan - Department of Phuong).

Impotence, tuberculosis, injury, eating more, lowering gas

Three calves (live) are all three soaked with 5 drunk (Thien Kim Phuong).

Back pain due to welding, difficult to walk

Cucumber 60g, Cinnamon 60g, Cinnamon 60g, Cinnamon 60g, Soybean (remove the shell, yellow star) 80g, Can Khong (cell) 60g. Pour the flour, mix bile to complete, drink with warm wine (Ba Truong Hoan - St. Hue Phuong).

Bald Eagle:

Rabbits (drank alcohol for 1 day, dried), Trigger (remove core, distillation), Stargazing, Velvet antler, Pharmacopoeia, Scalp, 40g. Powdery, using alcohol to finish, drink when drinking with alcohol (Pho Tephu).

Urinary multiple:

Privilege, Trivia (leave the core), two with wine and salt, Tang adventure, Rabbit (with wine). Equal amounts. Powder flakes. Use alcohol made of buckwheat complete with copper beans large, each drink 12 tablets with salt or sharp salt into salt ladder with salt (United Kaifeng).

Abdominal pain, urinary incontinence:

Trigger, Despatch, 60g, Adventure, Scary rabbit, Grinder, Parasite 40g, Son of Else, Father (Long), Quan, 20g, 16g, Do (weight soaked wine, star) 12g, velvet 4g. Powder in 10g. Drink 2-3 times (Triple Shot - Testosterone).

Renal and vein pain, impotence, multiple urinary, do not want to eat, weak joints, sitting with no strength, bladder weakness, nausea and abdominal obstruction:

Cucumber 30g, 22g ginger, 22g only, 22g pink, velveteen 30g, 22g sample, Mint flavor 22g, nuggets 22g, ginseng22g, humiliation 30g, 30g nut, 22g cinnamon, cinnamon 22g, Son of 22g, Tan lang 22g, Thach hoc 30g, Thuc 30g, 22g, 22g, 22g, 22g, 22g. Powdery, homogeneous finish. Day 16 - 20g with hot wine, hungry (Ba Truong Hoan - Thai Binh St. Hue).

The gas is damaged, the face is black, the mouth is dry, sticky, or dreaming, panic, tearful live, ears buzzing as severe back pain, painful joints, sore, sweating arms thigh vacuum, uterus is cold, irregular menstrual cycles lower white:

90g, 180g lime, 120g whiskey, 120g cinnamon, 60g stick, 500g powder, 500g powder, mixed with glutinous rice to finish. Day 16 - 20g with low salt or salt water diluted (Ba Truong Hoan - Thai Binh District People's Republic).

Broken kidney failure, back and leg pain, tearful live, panic, thirst, indigestion, abdominal chest usually filled, limbs numbness pain, nausea vomiting, constipation.

30g, 22g pomegranate, 22g pomegranate, 22g pomegranate, 22g nuggets, nuggets 22g, humility 30g, room 22g, 22g syrup, 22g jelly, gypsum 22g, 22g, Heaven 30g, Heaven 40g, Rabbit 30g, Thuc 30g, Thuc tuyen22g, Agarwood 30g, 30g, 22g, 22g, 22g. Powdered, mixed bile to complete, drinking 16 -20g with hot wine, hungry (Ba Truong Hoan - St. Huei Phuong).

Imipramnios:

30g scent, 30g scent, 30g scent, 30g spice, 30g spice, 60g spell, 30g spell, 30g spell, 30g spell, 30g spell, 30g spell, 30g spell , Cream 30g. Powder flakes. Complete bile, drinking 12 to 16 g with alcohol, hunger (Ba Truong Hoan - Ngu Pharmaceutical).

Kidney, kidney, growth, humor, beauty:

60g, 60g chrysanthemum, 30g green pepper, 20g green pepper, 46g green pepper, 30g green pepper. Pour the flour, put into the pot, soak with 3 liters of alcohol. Drinking 2 times, each time 15 -20ml, hungry (Three Dimensional Thickness -

Abdominal pain, cold back pain, back pain, fatigue, weak legs, joint pain, rheumatism, kidney failure, impotence.

18g, Contrast 20g, Activated 27g, Nutty 18g, Sinh khương27g, 18g purple agar, pepper 2g.rust, add 2 liters of wine in, cover, north to cook, cook 1 hours, then soak in cold water to cool. 3 times a day, 15-20ml each time (Triple Tie - Total Holiness)

Carbon monoxide poisoning:

Trigger + Nostalgic + Nostalgia + Nostalgic + Nostalgic + Moccicle + Kim linh + Huai Son + Geographer (Chinese Pharmacy).

Dreaming Dream:

The Truth of God + The Truth of the Buddha + The Truth of the Buddha

Imipramnios:

Trigger + Charge + Charge + Charge + Charge + Charge + Charge + Charge + Charge (Chinese Pharmacy).

Imipenemias, spermatozoa, jaundice caused by kidney damage:

Rabbits, Insatiable content (Middle Pharmacy).

Treatment of tendon pain, tendon muscle weakness, muscular atrophy, chronic pain joint due to kidney damage:

Eat, Tail, Tide (Middle Pharmacy).

Back pain, genetics, activity caused by Kidney damage:

Three ginseng, Party ginseng, Phuc Su, Rabbit Sun, Spirit 12g, Paints 24g. Powdery, bile refill. Each time to drink 12g, 2-3 times a day (Clinical Ophthalmology Central Library).

Alzheimer's, algae, crystalline, back pain, infertility (in females) caused by kidney damage:

Three ginseng 12g, Five ginseng 6g, 8g ginseng, 16g Thuc, humiliation content, Long, Core supplemented 12g. Powder, mix bile to complete 12g. 2-3 times a day (Triple Hien - Clinical Ophthalmic Central Library).

Treatment of elderly people with back pain, legs numbness, legs weak, legs tired:

Three stimulants, Transparency, Humility, Thuy Duong, Rabbit death, the same amount, 1 unit lotion. Mix well with honey. Each time 8g, 2-3 times with warm water (Diamond Perfect - Clinical Ophthalmic Central Library).

Treatment of premenopausal high blood pressure:

Trà mao, Hoàng bá, Liễu yang or Tri, Mau, each 20 - 28g, drink (Central Clinical Manual).

Treatment of low aches and pains, air volume, swelling:

Slaughter, Sow, 12g, Tang 10g, Son of humiliation 8g, Hoai Son 16g. Drinks (Triple Dimension Ratio - Clinical Intensive Care).

The usual dosage and attention:

Dosage: 10 - 15g at high doses. Precautions for the use of viral dysfunction, constipation.

Triglycerides are also used in a variety of remedies for alcohol sores used to treat aches and pains.

