---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Green fungus
twitter_large: true
image: nam-lim-xanh.jpg
custom_excerpt: Green fungus fungus in Vietnam fungus has a good effect on cancer treatment, especially green fungus to treat hepatitis, cirrhosis ascites.

---

Green fungus is harvested from lim lim trees, ironwood died dead brown years harvested this precious mushroom used for healing, this is the fungus has the best cancer treatment effect today.

Green fungus is a medicinal product that specializes in cancer treatment, in addition to cancer treatment of green fungus, natural cure for cirrhosis, effective hepatitis b

In recent years, Green Mushroom is used by many people because Green Mushroom has the effect of increasing the body's resistance to those who have been using fungus to understand the true value of mushrooms. When you are tired, you only need a glass of Mushroom Limon drink. After drinking for 15-20 minutes, the person is feeling well, and if you are feeling sick, you are less likely to get sick. The disease of the mushroom is quite effective.

Mushroom Lim is effective against tumors, so the fungus is used by many people to support tumors, especially tumors of the liver, colon, breast, cervix, lung, thyroid gland.

The use of green fungus:

Mushrooms regulate blood pressure, hypoglycemia, hepatitis A, B, C, cirrhosis ascites, support heart, prevent stroke, increase the body's resistance, tumor prevention.

Shiitake mushrooms, chopped limb and dandelion These are also the most commonly used mushroom types that grow from limon root that have the best therapeutic value but the mushrooms must have good new uses.

The mushroom grows in the other parts usually do not have long legs of the blue limon is often less useful than the good white lichen genus but very rare.

The scientific name is Garnodema Lucidum grows on the green limon, the best green fungus for hepatitis b, cirrhosis

Effect of green fungus cancer treatment

The Green Limeste

Patients on the treatment of tumors, radiation or chemotherapy using green fungus has the effect of reducing side effects of drugs such as hair loss, stable liver enzymes, increase resistance to rapid recovery. .

Patients after surgery to drink green fungus help quick wound healing, health recover quickly.

People with hepatitis B, C, high liver enzymes, aphasia, cirrhosis, weak liver function can be used.

People who have gray skin due to poorly functioning jaundice for some time will have jaundice.

Those who are nervous, tachycardia, hypertension use green fungus very well.

Help patients recover faster after suffering from fungal blue bladder when used regularly they have the effect of exhausting excess fat in the blood and toxins out so that fatty liver disease when using green fungus after The time will be shortened so the disease is prevented effectively.

Patients with high blood sugar use a time, blood sugar is stable.

Green fungus works to prevent the penetration, development, destruction of the stem cell free radicals because green fungus support fines, tumor prevention is effective.

Green fungus is not toxic due to the use of very safe.

How to use Green Lim:

Green mushrooms are collected after drying or dried to use, green mild green fungus depending on the condition that the use of mild people is about 20g and heavy people then wash 50g then put in warm if Warm enough soil, pour about 2 liters of boiling water for 30 minutes to 40 minutes for the amount of water to about 1-1.5 liters divided into the drink the day, the next day again Longer time to let the drug out and then drink it all day and leave the new color.

Note: The first time people drink the fungus need to drink slowly for the first day use only about 10g then gradually increase, should take the drug for 30 minutes because the mushroom powerful detoxification effect of the drug.