---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Bring it on
twitter_large: true
image: che_vang.jpg
custom_excerpt: The tea is very precious to help women postpartum quickly get back shape, tea benefits milk benefits.

---

According to folk and modern medicine, breast milk is very good for young children, especially during the first 6 months of life. During the first 6 months of life, babies who are exclusively breastfed will help them to develop best. physical as well as mental.

In order to have a good source of milk, parents have spent a great deal of time researching ways to improve the quality of milk supply as well as the abundant milk supply.

The center of materia medica would like to introduce to mothers about tea tree to increase the milk quantity and quality.

Introduce tea effect benefits milk, also known as tea

Charcoal tea is a medicinal plant that grows in the wild as a shrub based on other plants, which is often found in nature.

The Tea Tree is also called tea string, strings, beads, white wire

The tree has been written in the book of Do Tat Loi "medicinal plants and medicinal vietnamese" effect of treatment of flatulence, blood pressure, milk benefits, effective treatment of milk.

Tigers usually grow in bare land where tea can be found in many places in Vietnam, the largest amount of tea in the central provinces, advertising ...

Nowadays, it is usually harvested in the wild where there is no large quantity of trees to be used.

The use of tea

Tradition is often used to fix the rays

Health drink milk, increase milk quality

Used to lose weight in the long run

Cure high blood pressure

Anti-inflammation, prevention of postpartum

Menstrual conditioning

Stable blood glucose

Cure snake bites

Use heat bar

Objects used tea strainer.

Black tea is a non-toxic wild type should be used to make tea instead of tea, effective in the following cases.

Used for postnatal women to help prevent postpartum inflammation, the room to grow breast milk

Cure diarrhea is quite effective

Drinking milk has the effect of milk, milk quality, help transfer excess energy into a source of milk for the baby.

Effective postpartum weight loss, postpartum women want to regain their head shape should use tea

Women in irregular menstrual periods use boiled tea to help regulate menstruation.

The use of milk tea effective benefits.

After birth, women should breastfeed after the first hour of the first milk should not be removed because this is the best milk for the baby, and those who give birth to try to breastfeed early Most likely, after discharge from the hospital if the amount of milk is not much, then use tea to help feed milk faster, more abundant, quality.

When a baby sucks naturally, the milk secretes milk and milk, which is good quality, and nowadays, some people buy a breast pump to suck it after a period of time. .

The usual dose is 30g-50g star yellow water when cooking should boil thoroughly so the new drug out.

Sweet tea has a sweet bitter taste cool if not drinking bitter can be cooked to use appropriate dosage.

