---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Or rules
twitter_large: true
image: duong-quy.jpg
custom_excerpt: Blood, blood and pain..
---

Name: Radix Angelicae Sinensis.

Botanical name: Angelica sinensis (oliv) Diels.

Common name: chinese root root.

Parts used and processing methods: roots excavated at the end of harvest. Remove the rooted roots that are processed or smoked with sufur and cut into thin slices.

Properties: sweet, spicy and warm.

Practical: can, mind and spleen.

Function: Blood, blood and pain. Moisten the intestines.

Designation and coordination:

The anemia syndrome: Used to co-ordinate with the crystal, birthplace and imperial in the form of four objects.

Menstrual dysfunction: Using concomitant bioterrorism, light vein, and transcatheter in the form of four objects.

Less menstruation: Use the combination of scented candles, side dishes and useful form.

Menopause: Use concomitant combination with peach and roses.

Uterine bleeding: Usual combination with agiao, sphincter and birthplace.

Stomach Pain:

a / External traumatic injury: Use Concierges with roses, apple, mint and a medicine.

b / Inflammation of the boil and hind limb: Use concomitant combination with single leaf, ribbon, honeysuckle and crossbreed.

c / Postpartum abdominal pain: Use concomitant combination with form, apple and cross-sectional.

d / Rheumatoid arthritis (joint pain): Used in combination with preserved cinnamon, blood and white.

e / Dried intestinal constipation: Used to co-ordinate with preservative and human activity.

Dosage: 5-15g.

Pretreatment and contraindication: Root tips have more blood. The root end is good for blood. Root rhizome: active blood and blood. Concomitant use of alcohol may increase the effect of blood. Do not use preconcentration for cases of excessive in spleen and taste and diarrhea or loose stools.

Pharmacological and medicinal plant growth regulates.

Scientific name of dill: Anglelica Sinensis Diels family Umbelliferae.

Parts used: The head is to take a part of the head, The body is to remove the head and tail, Podium takes root branch

Pharmacological components include: Essential oils (0.02%), Glucose, Vitamin B12

Uses: blood, rancidity, cure Irregular menstruation, numbness joint bone

Effects of the regulator:
According to Tran Thuy and Pham Duy Nhac used the Code in the medicine:

Hypersensitivity: In anemic patients, postpartum women, 12g and 9 other drugs.

Damage to the damaged: Or in patients with chronic lung disease and gastrointestinal tract, use 10g and 17 other drugs.

Blood clots: Common in elderly arteriosclerosis, high blood pressure, senile. Postpartum women, premenopausal women or gynecological diseases such as menstrual periods, menstrual periods ..., use 8g and 13 other drugs.

Irregular heartbeat: Common in elderly people with signs of senile dementia, chronic diarrhea, decreased neurological depression, use Moringa 8g and other 8 medications.

Inflammation: Common in premenopausal women, hypertension, neurasthenia, use 12g and 7 other drugs.