---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Oral remedy for bad breath
twitter_large: true
image: hoimieng.jpg
custom_excerpt: Bad breath makes us lack confidence when communicating and is a warning sign of your health problems.

---

Bad breath is the bad smell from the breath caused by many causes. Because the oral cavity has diseases such as tooth decay, periodontitis, inflammation from the root, gingivitis, food debris and plaque on the tongue; bad smell due to intestinal and stomach heat, chronic gastrointestinal diseases such as gastritis, constipation; odor from respiratory disease: allergic rhinitis, nasal congestion, prolonged sinusitis, purulent tonsillitis ... due to living habits such as smoking.

In addition to the positive treatment of the above diseases leading to halitosis, you can use one of the remedies for mouth odor by traditional medicine and folk experience as follows:

**Drug**

**Lesson 1:** 15g bamboo leaves, 12 g long roots, 10 g bio, 2 g wood carp. Sac drink.

**Lesson 2:** reserved for 15 g, live plaster 15 g, royal contact 5 g. Sac drink.

**Lesson 3:** freshly washed roots clean 100 g, alum sugar just enough, boil and drink tea instead.

**Lesson 4:** mind lotus 3g braked with boiling water, let cool drink.

**Lesson 5:** 9 g of bamboo, 30 g of gypsum, semi-low pressure 4 g, 18 g of ginseng, 5 g of ginseng, licorice 3 g. Sac drink.

**Lesson 6:** royal contact 5 g, body size 6 g, biology 12 g, single pack 6 g, high rise 6 g. Sac drink.

Drugs used to rinse mouth

Each morning and evening, take some chewing tea leaves slowly, temporarily eliminate the bad smell in the mouth.

Perfume needs 40 g of color with 200 ml of mouth and mouthwash several times a day.

100 g lemon basil with solid water to suck and gargle.

Coriander, 200 g, a little salt, sharpened with water, rinse your mouth.

Note that dental hygiene should not be eaten before going to bed. Create routine routine dental check-up every 6 months; treatment of periodontal disease if any, take tartar, treat sinus rhinitis, quit smoking and other medical diseases.

Eat plenty of green vegetables, fruits, do not eat fried foods, spicy foods, hot indigestion, apple defecation, bad digestion cause bad breath.