---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Bo Hon
twitter_large: true
image: quabohon.jpg
custom_excerpt: Boletus made as a laundry detergent ensures hygienic safety at the cheapest drug center.

---

Bồ Hòn Other names: Bòn Hòn, Sổ Hoạn, Thu, Lai patt (ethnic Ba Ra mountain - Bien Hoa), Savonnier (France). Scientific name: Sapindus mukorossi Gaertn. Belongs to Sapindaceae (Bo).

A. tree description

Tall trees, can reach 20-30m. Double feathered feathers consist of 4-5 pairs of leaflets. Whole leaf blade. Flower buds at the tip of the branch. 5th, 5th, 8th.

The fruit consists of three nuts but two drops, only a circle, yellowish brown fruit skin, wrinkled skin, contains a black seeds, spherical. Season: October to November

B. Procurement, harvesting and processing of Bo Hon

Trees are planted throughout the northern provinces of Vietnam, where there are shady trees around the house. Previously, in the years they have been collecting for export, 20-30 tons of fruit can be collected annually in Cao Bang, Lang Son (Than Muc), Bac Can, Thai Nguyen, Quang Ninh and Ha Tay provinces. , Phu Tho, Ha Giang, Tuyen Quang.

Pickled pears are whole grains or sometimes peeled seeds, fruit string into a bamboo stick, dried seeds are also used as medicine.

C.Bruce chemical composition

The fruit contains 18% saponizite called sapindus saponozit C41H61O13 - Sapindus saponin is an amorphous white powder with a rotation of αD + 13 °. Distribute to d. arabinose and a crystal sapogenin, flow 319 ° C, into the tritecpen. Seed: Contains 9-10% fat

D Usage and dosage

People often use Laundry soap instead of soap in the case of laundry wool, silk, not resistant to the alkaline of soap. Beads are often beaded into beads for monks. Saponozite raw materials used in the paper and film industry, metal plating.

According to ancient documents have the effect of cough cough, phlegm, edible seeds and have the effect of bad breath, dental crowns.

Some areas in Vietnam and China use bark shredded soaked bath water for the beetles, lice, lice.

By: "Medicinal plants and medicinal Vietnam" - Prof. Ts. Do Tat Loi

I have put information products here for people to refer and buy support the people of Lo Lo - Cao Bang nhé, this product will help increase income and improve the lives of poor people here!

The product is "ball" used to wash clothes, especially for silk and wool (winter wool is used a lot of people not ^^)

It has long been used to make laundry soap in Western countries, often adding some unnecessary chemical additives that can harm the user as well as the environment. school.

Beans have become a substitute for detergents made from chemicals so they are safe for the user and friendly to the environment.

More information about the product is to help keep your clothing long lasting, especially wool and silk, and with colored clothing, which lasts longer (because it does not contain whiteners), and is very effective for people. sweat the oil, let's try it out, as a gift to relatives and friends is very meaningful and unique

Usage: split the fruit, throw out the seeds, use the shell. With about 5 kg of clothing, you soak 6 fruits in warm water (30-40 degrees C) for 8-10 minutes, then use this water to wash your hands or machine wash, use normal like soap, The can be put on a sock to wash it out for easy (if harvest), can use the fruit again 2-3 times, the next should be used with less dirty clothes.

Use the dishwashing liquid to remove the pineapple from the shell to remove the seeds into the boiler. Boil for 5 to 10 minutes to add some lemon to preserve brown to cool 1-2 hours of the solution to form the gel. laundry or dishwashing (10 fruits, 1 liter of water)

Boletus makes baby laundry soap for babies, children help children grow healthy without allergic skin.

Laundry is very safe.

Pomegranate juice is a good solution to clean and make sure the product is completely natural

Information about the fruit

In today's forums, many sisters are handing over a formula that is completely natural washing water, no chemical cleanser, 100% natural. Especially, make baby bath water, milk bottle cleaning solution and baby toys do not irritate the skin, safe for her mother's peace of mind. Boletus is a fruit containing "Saponin" - a natural substance that is considered to replace 100% detergent and chemical detergent. When exposed to water, it produces light foam, similar to soap. From this pomegranate, the user can process the Portuguese liquor - which can be used to clean anything from clothes, wash face, bathe, wash dishes, clean glass. The special thing of this fruit, although called soap but extremely benign against the skin, does not irritate the skin even with children's skin. Do you want to find out what it is?

Sharing of Thai Thuy: "Parenting is polar, but raising children" chemical "naturally occur in all places as today is more difficult. Why are Vietnamese people more and more people dying of cancer, and cancer patients are increasingly rejuvenated. I read a lot of articles, lots of information about foods, foods that contain chemicals that are too frightening, do not know how much I put on my body every day, and I'm nervous Think about your child, future generations will be like this, when from birth was absorbed chemicals. Let's try to do this calculation, I was born in the countryside cool air, surrounded by rubber trees, I eat vegetables that the mother planted absolutely no pesticides, no drug growth, her I did not have any acne on my face, just down the university that is the acne that grows everywhere. I think I have 18 years to have a clean life, my son is in the street car, noisy car kicks, smoke, chemicals, ... think so that bored, haizz ... I was On the plan to find a place to grow clean vegetables, bought for children then, but I still fear the chemicals in the washing dishes, washing powder, ... Have a college girl know the anxiety, I have shared my caring attitude with "no say with chemicals", I feel very reassured, belly will apply to you, so you have a healthy foundation. After a while, I used to be addicted, and I can not go back to the genres of artificial cosmetics anymore. " haizz ... I was on the plan to find a friend to grow clean vegetables, bought for children then, but I still fear the chemicals in the washing dishes, washing powder, ... Have a college girl know the worry I have shared my caring attitude to "say no to chemicals", I feel very reassuring, belly will apply to you, so you have a healthy foundation. After a while, I used to be addicted, and I can not go back to the genres of artificial cosmetics anymore. " haizz ... I was on the plan to find a friend to grow clean vegetables, bought for children then, but I still fear the chemicals in the washing dishes, washing powder, ... Have a college girl know the worry I have shared my caring attitude to "say no to chemicals", I feel very reassuring, belly will apply to you, so you have a healthy foundation. After a while, I used to be addicted, and I can not go back to the genres of artificial cosmetics anymore. "

E. Note: Use the fruit

When using safflower fruit to wash off with hot water, high temperature, this fruit will release saponin (natural soap) and when it is used, it must be cooled with cold water. White clothes need extra whitening products. Want aromatic clothing to add essential oil into the water. The peel of the pineapple after use for drying can be put into the plant pots as fertilizer, they will decay naturally, protect the environment. Boiled water to cool you should only be 1 to 2 weeks depending on the weather, if too much water will be fermented and rancid smell because the juice is not preservative. Encourage the use of liquor in 1 month from processing.

An excellent natural remedy for dry, non-preservative housewives, free of toxic chemicals, safe, non-irritating to the skin especially the young skin of young children. Look for a kilogram of dry potatoes in the kitchen cabinet wise mother.

Use safe fruit to ensure environmental hygiene.