---
published: true
hidden: false
title: Salt Cake
twitter_large: true
image: caymuoi.jpg
custom_excerpt: Salt has the effect of treating kidney disease when combined with tangerine, salt, tree level.

---

Salt helps to cure cancer

Renal failure is a disease that is difficult to cure. Many patients are willing to let go of their fate, but luckily if anyone reads this medicine.

Gallo sinensis (Galla sinensis) is a special sac due to the pupil of Schlechtendalia sinensis Bell. Rhus semialata Murray (Rhus sinensis Mill.), belonging to the family Anacardiaceae. Description of salt or salt plant. Salt is a small tree 2 - 8m high. Leaves are spiny, including 7 - 14 leaflets. The common petiolar genus has wings, with short, light brown feathers. Non-ovary-shaped macaque, rough, 5-14 cm long, 2.5-9cm wide. Cluster, flower buds grow in the branches, 20 - 30cm long. Small white flowers. Nuts are orange-red, one grain. Flowers season in August - September, October fruit season.

When young shoots and stems are affected by a worm, they will appear in different shapes, 3 to 6 cm long, when they are small, when there are many branches. On the smooth surface of the short feathered sting, there is a reddish brown spot. When we see a wall thickness of 1 - 2mm hard as the horn. In the small white wool like wool and worm fragments. These burrows are called gourd (Kinh language), Vietnamese (Cao Bang language), distribution of processing and processing. In our country, bivalves are only found in Cao Bang, Lang Son, Ha Giang, Lao Cai only a few. There may be some North West areas near the Viet Trung border. Also in other countries such as Japan, China (Guangdong, Guangxi, Yunnan ...). Around May - June, the worm (female worm) from the intermediate trees to the salt or salt mate, prick the shoots and leaves of this plant and lay eggs. Possibly due to the special hormones of the egg and the young worms, the cells of the plant grow unusually large and multiply. Around September, people picking up, boiling water for 3-5 minutes to kill the worm in the dry and then dried. Previously, our country can produce 30-40 tons per year to export, but After the war, production has declined and has not been properly restored.

Effects of salt and dose

According to the documentary sour sour body counting in 3 waste, kidney and college. Has the effect of laxative, bloody fire, gastric ulcer, school wax. Used to treat bad smell cough, long time home wounds, sweating, pimples. Boletus is used as a drug to collect in the diarrhea, hemorrhage, jaundice, detoxification. Tannin is used light tanning, toner, black dye ... Dosage: 0.5-1g oral dose, in the form of decoction or powder. A 5-10% solution for mouth rinses to treat ulcers in the mouth. The drug has a multiple myeloma cure for abdominal pain diarrhea: half a lozenges added to the lake, a member of green beans 15 - 20 tablets, use water mixed with mint medicine. Add water for sticky, embalmed into the belly.Children children: 3g mortality half, half to live, half cooked baked, Licorice extract 20g. All small canopy. Each time using 2g of this powder, use rice water or porridge to drink the drug

